# bulkCreateAdsByListingId

This method adds multiple listings to an existing Promoted Listings campaign using <b>listingId</b> values generated by the <a href="/Devzone/XML/docs/Reference/eBay/index.html" title="Trading API Reference">Trading API</a> or <a href="/api-docs/sell/inventory/resources/methods" title="Inventory API Reference">Inventory API</a>, or using values generated by an ad group ID.<p>For general strategy campaigns using the Cost Per Sale (CPS) funding model, bulk ads may be directly created for the listing.</p><p>For each listing ID specified in the request, this method:</p>  <ul><li>Creates an ad for the listing.</li> <li>Sets the bid percentage (also known as the <i>ad rate</i>) for the ad.</li> <li>Associates the ad with the specified campaign.</li></ul><p>To create an ad for a listing, specify its <b>listingId</b>, plus the <b>bidPercentage</b> for the ad in the payload of the request. Specify the campaign to associate the ads with using the <b>campaign_id</b> path parameter. Listing IDs are generated by eBay when a seller creates listings with the Trading API.</p><p>You can specify a maximum of <b>500 listings per call</b> and each campaign can have ads for a maximum of 50,000 items. Be aware when using this call that each variation in a multiple-variation listing creates an individual ad.</p><p>For manual targeting priority strategy campaigns using the Cost Per Click (CPC) funding model, an ad group must be created first. If no ad group has been created for the campaign, ads cannot be created.<br><br><span class="tablenote"><b>Note:</b> Ad groups are not required when adding listings to a smart targeting campaign.</span></p><p>For the ad group specified in the request, this method associates the ad with the specified ad group.</p><p>To create an ad for an ad group, specify the name of the ad group plus the <b>defaultBid</b> for the ad in the payload of the request. Specify the campaign to associate the ads with using the <b>campaign_id</b> path parameter. Ad groups are generated using the <a href="/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/adgroup/methods/createAdGroup">createAdGroup</a>  method.</p> <p>You can specify one or more ad groups per campaign.</p><p>Use <a href="/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/campaign/methods/createCampaign">createCampaign</a> to create a new campaign and use <a href="/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/campaign/methods/getCampaigns">getCampaigns</a> to get a list of existing campaigns.</p>

## Endpoint

```
POST /ad_campaign/{campaign_id}/bulk_create_ads_by_listing_id
```

## API

Marketing API (v1)

## Authentication

Requires OAuth 2.0 authentication with appropriate scopes.

## Path Parameters

- **campaign_id** (required): This path parameter specifies the unique eBay-assigned identifier of the ad campaign for which to associated the ads being created.<br><br> Use the <a href="/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/campaign/methods/getCampaigns" target="_blank">getCampaigns</a> method to retrieve campaign IDs. (Type: `string`)

## Headers

- **Content-Type** (required): This header indicates the format of the request body provided by the client. Its value should be set to <b>application/json</b>. <br><br> For more information, refer to <a href="/api-docs/static/rest-request-components.html#HTTP" target="_blank ">HTTP request headers</a>. (Type: `string`)

### Request Body

See schema: `#/components/schemas/BulkCreateAdRequest`


## Response

**200**: Success

Response schema: `#/components/schemas/BulkAdResponse`

**207**: Multi Status

## Example

```bash
curl -X POST \
  https://api.ebay.com/ad_campaign/{campaign_id}/bulk_create_ads_by_listing_id \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_OAUTH_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Accept: application/json"
```

## Tags

ad

## Reference

- [eBay Marketing API Documentation](https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/overview.html)
