# Notifications Resource

*Source: https://www.twilio.com/docs/verify/api/notifications-resource*

---

# Notifications Resource

Positive FeedbackNegative Feedback

* * *

## Description

description page anchor

Positive FeedbackNegative Feedback

This resource is meant to be used when implementing Verify Push. It lets developers request that Verify Push retry sending a push notification for the same Challenge. Previously, there was a 1:1 mapping between a Challenge and push notification, so developers had to create a new, duplicate Challenge to resend a push notification for the same verification action (e.g. two-factor auth for a user login). They then had to deduplicate the Challenges on the client side. This implementation complexity is removed with this resource.

(warning)

## Warning

The Notifications resource is currently in the Pilot maturity stage, please check with Twilio before using it in production.

(information)

## Info

**APNs/FCM behavior** : Please be aware that APNs and FCM already have built-in queuing and retry logic for the scenario where the device was offline when the push notification was requested. When the device becomes online again, all non-expired push notifications (based on the push's time-to-live / ttl) will be sent again. We recommend that developers limit the number of retries a user can request, so that the user doesn't accidentally "over-request" and end up getting a flood of push notifications. We have also made `ttl` a configurable resource parameter, so developers can expire past push notifications more quickly if this becomes a problem.

**Challenge expiration** : The Challenge itself can still expire. Requesting a retry push notification on an expired Challenge will result in an error response, and developers will need to create a new Challenge. This won't create a deduplication problem for the client-side though, because the client can just request pending, not expired, Challenges.

* * *

## Notification Properties

notification-properties page anchor

Positive FeedbackNegative Feedback

Property nameTypeRequiredPIIDescriptionChild properties

sidSID<NT>

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Notification.

Pattern: `^NT[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

* * *

accountSidSID<AC>

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The unique SID identifier of the Account.

Pattern: `^AC[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

* * *

serviceSidSID<VA>

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The unique SID identifier of the Service.

Pattern: `^VA[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

* * *

entitySidSID<YE>

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The unique SID identifier of the Entity.

Pattern: `^YE[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

* * *

identitystring

Optional

[PII MTL: 30 days](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#pii-fields)

Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters.

* * *

challengeSidSID<YC>

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The unique SID identifier of the Challenge.

Pattern: `^YC[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

* * *

prioritystring

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The priority of the notification. For `push` Challenges it's always `high` which sends the notification immediately, and can wake up a sleeping device.

* * *

ttlinteger

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

How long, in seconds, the notification is valid. Max: 5 minutes

Default: `0`

* * *

dateCreatedstring<date-time>

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The date that this Notification was created, given in [ISO 8601(link takes you to an external page)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601 "ISO 8601") format.

* * *

## Resend Push Notification

resend-push-notification page anchor

Positive FeedbackNegative Feedback

`POST https://verify.twilio.com/v2/Services/{ServiceSid}/Entities/{Identity}/Challenges/{ChallengeSid}/Notifications`

(warning)

## Warning

Only 3 Push Notifications can be created per Challenge

### Path parameters

path-parameters page anchor

Positive FeedbackNegative Feedback

Property nameTypeRequiredPIIDescription

serviceSidSID<VA>

required

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The unique SID identifier of the Service.

Pattern: `^VA[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

* * *

identitystring

required

[PII MTL: 30 days](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#pii-fields)

Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters.

* * *

challengeSidSID<YC>

required

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

The unique SID identifier of the Challenge.

Pattern: `^YC[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$`Min length: `34`Max length: `34`

### Request body parameters

request-body-parameters page anchor

Positive FeedbackNegative Feedback

Encoding type:`application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

SchemaExample

Property nameTypeRequiredPIIDescriptionChild properties

ttlinteger

Optional

[Not PII](/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii#fields-marked-not-pii)

How long, in seconds, the notification is valid. Can be an integer between 0 and 300. Default is 300. Delivery is attempted until the TTL elapses, even if the device is offline. 0 means that the notification delivery is attempted immediately, only once, and is not stored for future delivery.

Select from available examples

Copy code block


    {


      "Ttl": 150


    }

Create a NotificationLink to code sample: Create a Notification

Report code block

Copy code block


    1

    // Download the helper library from https://www.twilio.com/docs/node/install


    2

    const twilio = require("twilio"); // Or, for ESM: import twilio from "twilio";


    3




    4

    // Find your Account SID and Auth Token at twilio.com/console


    5

    // and set the environment variables. See http://twil.io/secure


    6

    const accountSid = process.env.TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID;


    7

    const authToken = process.env.TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN;


    8

    const client = twilio(accountSid, authToken);


    9




    10

    async function createNotification() {


    11

      const notification = await client.verify.v2


    12

        .services("VAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa")


    13

        .entities("Identity")


    14

        .challenges("YCaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa")


    15

        .notifications.create();


    16




    17

      console.log(notification.sid);


    18

    }


    19




    20

    createNotification();

### Response

Note about this response

Copy response


    1

    {


    2

      "sid": "NTaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",


    3

      "account_sid": "ACaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",


    4

      "service_sid": "VAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",


    5

      "entity_sid": "YEaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",


    6

      "identity": "Identity",


    7

      "challenge_sid": "YCaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",


    8

      "date_created": "2015-07-30T20:00:00Z",


    9

      "priority": "high",


    10

      "ttl": 150


    11

    }