# findCampaignByAdReference

This method retrieves the campaigns containing the listing that is specified using either a listing ID, or an inventory reference ID and inventory reference type pair. The request accepts either a <b>listing_id</b>, <i>or</i> an <b>inventory_reference_id</b> and <b>inventory_reference_type</b> pair, as used in the Inventory API.<br /><br />eBay <i>listing IDs</i> are generated by either the <a href="/Devzone/XML/docs/Reference/eBay/index.html" title="Trading API Reference">Trading API</a> or the <a href="/api-docs/sell/inventory/resources/methods">Inventory API</a> when you create a listing.<br /><br />An <i>inventory reference ID</i> can be either a seller-defined <b>SKU</b> or <b>inventoryItemGroupKey</b>, as specified in the Inventory API.<br /><br /><span class="tablenote"><b>Note:</b> This method only applies to the Cost Per Sale (CPS) funding model; it does not apply to the Cost Per Click (CPC) funding model. See <a href="/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/pl-overview.html#funding-model">Funding Models</a> in the <i>Promoted Listings Playbook</i> for more information.</span>

## Endpoint

```
GET /ad_campaign/find_campaign_by_ad_reference
```

## API

Marketing API (v1)

## Authentication

Requires OAuth 2.0 authentication with appropriate scopes.

## Query Parameters

- **inventory_reference_id**: This query parameter specifies the unique identifier of a single-item listing or a multi-variation listing associated with the campaign being retrieved.<br><br>To retrieve an campaign for a single-item listing, set the <b>inventoryReferenceType</b> value to <code>INVENTORY_ITEM</code> and specify an item ID or a SKU (if the SKU is defined in the listing).<br><br>To retrieve an campaign for a multi-variation listing, set the <b>inventoryReferenceType</b> value to <code>INVENTORY_ITEM_GROUP</code> and specify the item ID for the multi-variation listing or the <b>inventoryitemGroupKey</b> value as defined in the Inventory API.<br><br><span class="tablenote"><b>Note:</b> You must always pass in both <b>inventory_reference_id</b> and <b>inventory_reference_type</b>.</span> (Type: `string`)
- **inventory_reference_type**: This query parameter specifies the type of the seller's inventory reference ID, which is a listing or group of items.<br><br>See <a href="/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/pls:InventoryReferenceTypeEnum" target="_blank">InventoryReferenceTypeEnum</a> for supported values.<br><br><span class="tablenote"><b>Note:</b> You must always pass in both <b>inventory_reference_id</b> and <b>inventory_reference_type</b>.</span> (Type: `string`)
- **listing_id**: This query parameter specifies the unique identifier of the eBay listing associated with the ad being used to retrieve the campaign.<br /><br />eBay <i>listing IDs</i> are generated by either the <a href="/Devzone/XML/docs/Reference/eBay/index.html" title="Trading API Reference">Trading API</a> or the <a href="/api-docs/sell/inventory/resources/methods">Inventory API</a> when you create a listing. (Type: `string`)

## Response

**200**: Success

Response schema: `#/components/schemas/Campaigns`

## Example

```bash
curl -X GET \
  https://api.ebay.com/ad_campaign/find_campaign_by_ad_reference \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_OAUTH_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Accept: application/json"
```

## Tags

campaign

## Reference

- [eBay Marketing API Documentation](https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/overview.html)
