# treasury/transaction_entries

*Source: https://docs.stripe.com/api/treasury/transaction_entries*

---

# Transaction Entries
TransactionEntries represent individual units of money movements within a singleTransaction.

# The TransactionEntry object

### Attributes
- idstringUnique identifier for the object.
- objectstringString representing the object’s type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- balance_impactobjectThe current impact of the TransactionEntry on the FinancialAccount’s balance.Show child attributes
- createdtimestampTime at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- currencyenumThree-letterISO currency_code code, in lowercase. Must be asupported currency_code.
- effective_attimestampWhen the TransactionEntry will impact the FinancialAccount’s balance.
- financial_accountstringThe FinancialAccount associated with this object.
- flownullablestringToken of the flow associated with the TransactionEntry.
- flow_detailsnullableobjectExpandableDetails of the flow associated with the TransactionEntry.Show child attributes
- flow_typeenumType of the flow associated with the TransactionEntry.Possible enum valuescredit_reversalThe Transaction is associated with a CreditReversal.debit_reversalThe Transaction is associated with a DebitReversal.inbound_transferThe Transaction is associated with an InboundTransfer.issuing_authorizationThe Transaction is associated with an Issuing authorization.otherThe Transaction is associated with some other money movement not listed above.outbound_paymentThe Transaction is associated with an OutboundPayment.outbound_transferThe Transaction is associated with an OutboundTransfer.received_creditThe Transaction is associated with a ReceivedCredit.received_debitThe Transaction is associated with a ReceivedDebit.
- livemodebooleanIf the object exists in live mode, the value istrue. If the object exists in test mode, the value isfalse.
- transactionstringExpandableThe Transaction associated with this object.
- typeenumThe specific money movement that generated the TransactionEntry.Possible enum valuescredit_reversalThe TransactionEntry was generated by a CreditReversal.credit_reversal_postingThe TransactionEntry was generated by a posted CreditReversal.debit_reversalThe TransactionEntry was generated by a DebitReversal.inbound_transferThe TransactionEntry was generated by an InboundTransfer.inbound_transfer_returnThe TransactionEntry was generated by an InboundTransferReturn.issuing_authorization_holdThe TransactionEntry was generated by an Issuing authorization hold.issuing_authorization_releaseThe TransactionEntry was generated by an Issuing authorization release.otherThe TransactionEntry was generated by some other money movement.outbound_paymentThe TransactionEntry was generated by an OutboundPayment.outbound_payment_cancellationThe TransactionEntry was generated by a cancelled OutboundPayment.Show 10 more

#### idstring

#### objectstring

#### balance_impactobject

#### createdtimestamp

#### currencyenum

#### effective_attimestamp

#### financial_accountstring

#### flownullablestring

#### flow_detailsnullableobjectExpandable

#### flow_typeenum

[TABLE]
credit_reversalThe Transaction is associated with a CreditReversal.
debit_reversalThe Transaction is associated with a DebitReversal.
inbound_transferThe Transaction is associated with an InboundTransfer.
issuing_authorizationThe Transaction is associated with an Issuing authorization.
otherThe Transaction is associated with some other money movement not listed above.
outbound_paymentThe Transaction is associated with an OutboundPayment.
outbound_transferThe Transaction is associated with an OutboundTransfer.
received_creditThe Transaction is associated with a ReceivedCredit.
received_debitThe Transaction is associated with a ReceivedDebit.
[/TABLE]

```
credit_reversal
```

```
debit_reversal
```

```
inbound_transfer
```

```
issuing_authorization
```

```
outbound_payment
```

```
outbound_transfer
```

```
received_credit
```

```
received_debit
```

#### livemodeboolean

#### transactionstringExpandable

#### typeenum

[TABLE]
credit_reversalThe TransactionEntry was generated by a CreditReversal.
credit_reversal_postingThe TransactionEntry was generated by a posted CreditReversal.
debit_reversalThe TransactionEntry was generated by a DebitReversal.
inbound_transferThe TransactionEntry was generated by an InboundTransfer.
inbound_transfer_returnThe TransactionEntry was generated by an InboundTransferReturn.
issuing_authorization_holdThe TransactionEntry was generated by an Issuing authorization hold.
issuing_authorization_releaseThe TransactionEntry was generated by an Issuing authorization release.
otherThe TransactionEntry was generated by some other money movement.
outbound_paymentThe TransactionEntry was generated by an OutboundPayment.
outbound_payment_cancellationThe TransactionEntry was generated by a cancelled OutboundPayment.
Show 10 more
[/TABLE]

```
credit_reversal
```

```
credit_reversal_posting
```

```
debit_reversal
```

```
inbound_transfer
```

```
inbound_transfer_return
```

```
issuing_authorization_hold
```

```
issuing_authorization_release
```

```
outbound_payment
```

```
outbound_payment_cancellation
```

```
{"id":"trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ","object":"treasury.transaction_entry","balance_impact":{"cash":0,"inbound_pending":0,"outbound_pending":-1000},"created":1680756271,"currency_code":"usd","effective_at":1680756271,"financial_account":"fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ","flow":"obt_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CCxhXVFLB","flow_type":"outbound_transfer","livemode":false,"transaction":"trxn_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CRYxD7KLh","type":"outbound_transfer"}
```

```
{"id":"trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ","object":"treasury.transaction_entry","balance_impact":{"cash":0,"inbound_pending":0,"outbound_pending":-1000},"created":1680756271,"currency_code":"usd","effective_at":1680756271,"financial_account":"fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ","flow":"obt_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CCxhXVFLB","flow_type":"outbound_transfer","livemode":false,"transaction":"trxn_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CRYxD7KLh","type":"outbound_transfer"}
```

# Retrieve a TransactionEntry
Retrieves a TransactionEntry object.

### Parameters
Noparameters.

### Returns
Returns a TransactionEntry object.

```
curlhttps://api.stripe.com/v1/treasury/transaction_entries/trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ \-u"sk_test_Gx4mWEg...4DYMUIqfIrszsk_test_Gx4mWEgHtCMr4DYMUIqfIrsz:"
```

```
curlhttps://api.stripe.com/v1/treasury/transaction_entries/trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ \-u"sk_test_Gx4mWEg...4DYMUIqfIrszsk_test_Gx4mWEgHtCMr4DYMUIqfIrsz:"
```

```
{"id":"trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ","object":"treasury.transaction_entry","balance_impact":{"cash":0,"inbound_pending":0,"outbound_pending":-1000},"created":1680756271,"currency_code":"usd","effective_at":1680756271,"financial_account":"fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ","flow":"obt_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CCxhXVFLB","flow_type":"outbound_transfer","livemode":false,"transaction":"trxn_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CRYxD7KLh","type":"outbound_transfer"}
```

```
{"id":"trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ","object":"treasury.transaction_entry","balance_impact":{"cash":0,"inbound_pending":0,"outbound_pending":-1000},"created":1680756271,"currency_code":"usd","effective_at":1680756271,"financial_account":"fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ","flow":"obt_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CCxhXVFLB","flow_type":"outbound_transfer","livemode":false,"transaction":"trxn_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CRYxD7KLh","type":"outbound_transfer"}
```

# List all TransactionEntries
Retrieves a list of TransactionEntry objects.

### Parameters
- financial_accountstringReturns objects associated with this FinancialAccount.
- createdobjectOnly return TransactionEntries that were created during the given date interval.Show child parameters
- order_byenumThe results are in reverse chronological order bycreatedoreffective_at. The default iscreated.Possible enum valuescreatedTimestamp describing when the TransactionEntry was created.effective_atTimestamp describing when the TransactionEntry was effective.
- transactionstringOnly return TransactionEntries associated with this Transaction.

#### financial_accountstring

#### createdobject

#### order_byenum

[TABLE]
createdTimestamp describing when the TransactionEntry was created.
effective_atTimestamp describing when the TransactionEntry was effective.
[/TABLE]

```
effective_at
```

#### transactionstring

### More parametersExpand all
- ending_beforestring
- limitinteger
- starting_afterstring

#### ending_beforestring

#### limitinteger

#### starting_afterstring

### Returns
Adictionarywith adataproperty that contains an array of up tolimitTransactionEntries, starting after TransactionEntrystarting_after. Each entry in the array is a separate TransactionEntry object. If no more TransactionEntries are available, the resulting array is empty.

```
curl-G https://api.stripe.com/v1/treasury/transaction_entries \-u"sk_test_Gx4mWEg...4DYMUIqfIrszsk_test_Gx4mWEgHtCMr4DYMUIqfIrsz:"\-d financial_account=fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ \-d limit=3
```

```
curl-G https://api.stripe.com/v1/treasury/transaction_entries \-u"sk_test_Gx4mWEg...4DYMUIqfIrszsk_test_Gx4mWEgHtCMr4DYMUIqfIrsz:"\-d financial_account=fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ \-d limit=3
```

```
{"object":"list","url":"/v1/treasury/transaction_entries","has_more":false,"data":[{"id":"trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ","object":"treasury.transaction_entry","balance_impact":{"cash":0,"inbound_pending":0,"outbound_pending":-1000},"created":1680756271,"currency_code":"usd","effective_at":1680756271,"financial_account":"fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ","flow":"obt_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CCxhXVFLB","flow_type":"outbound_transfer","livemode":false,"transaction":"trxn_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CRYxD7KLh","type":"outbound_transfer"}]}
```

```
{"object":"list","url":"/v1/treasury/transaction_entries","has_more":false,"data":[{"id":"trxne_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CmofEnIwJ","object":"treasury.transaction_entry","balance_impact":{"cash":0,"inbound_pending":0,"outbound_pending":-1000},"created":1680756271,"currency_code":"usd","effective_at":1680756271,"financial_account":"fa_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CdxyvnHeQ","flow":"obt_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CCxhXVFLB","flow_type":"outbound_transfer","livemode":false,"transaction":"trxn_1MtkgV2eZvKYlo2CRYxD7KLh","type":"outbound_transfer"}]}
```