# team.integrationLogs

*Source: https://docs.slack.dev/reference/methods/team.integrationLogs*

---

DocsCall generator

## Facts​

**Description** Gets the integration logs for the current team.

**Method Access**

  * HTTP
  * JavaScript
  * Python
  * Java




    GET https://slack.com/api/team.integrationLogs


[](/tools/bolt-js)


    app.client.team.integrationLogs


[](/tools/bolt-python)


    app.client.team_integrationLogs


[](/tools/java-slack-sdk/guides/getting-started-with-bolt)


    app.client().teamIntegrationLogs


**Scopes**

User token:

[`admin`](/reference/scopes/admin)

**Content types**

`application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

`application/json`

**Rate Limits**[Tier 2: 20+ per minute](/apis/web-api/rate-limits)

## Arguments​

### Required arguments

**`token`**`string`Required

Authentication token bearing required scopes. Tokens should be passed as an HTTP Authorization header or alternatively, as a POST parameter.

_Example:_`xxxx-xxxxxxxxx-xxxx`

### Optional arguments

**`app_id`**`string`Optional

Filter logs to this Slack app. Defaults to all logs.

**`change_type`**`string`Optional

Filter logs with this change type. Possible values are `added`, `removed`, `enabled`, `disabled`, and `updated`. Defaults to all logs.

_Acceptable values:_`added` `removed` `enabled` `disabled` `updated`

 _Example:_`added`

**`count`**`string`Optional

 _Default:_`100`

**`page`**`string`Optional

 _Default:_`1`

**`service_id`**`string`Optional

Filter logs to this service. Defaults to all logs.

**`team_id`**`string`Optional

encoded team id to get logs from, required if org token is used

**`user`**`string`Optional

Filter logs generated by this user’s actions. Defaults to all logs.

## Usage info​

This method lists the integration activity logs for a team, including when integrations are added, modified and removed. This method can only be called by Admins.

The `team_id` is only relevant when using an org-level token. This field will be ignored if the API call is sent using a workspace-level token. In addition, passing the `team_id` parameter will result in an `invalid_auth` error if the org owner is not part of the team.

* * *

## Response​

####

Typical success response


    {
      "ok": true
    }


####

Typical error response


    {
      "ok": false,
      "error": "invalid_auth"
    }


The response contains a list of activity logs followed by pagination information.


    	{
    		"ok": true,
    		"logs": [
    			{
    				"service_id": 1234567890,
    				"service_type": "Google Calendar",
    				"user_id": "U1234ABCD",
    				"user_name": "Johnny",
    				"channel": "C1234567890",
    				"date": "1392163200",
    				"change_type": "enabled",
    				"scope": "incoming-webhook"
    			},
    			{
    				"app_id": "2345678901",
    				"app_type": "Johnny App",
    				"user_id": "U2345BCDE",
    				"user_name": "Billy",
    				"date": "1392163201",
    				"change_type": "added",
    				"scope": "chat:write:user,channels:read"
    			},
    			{
    				"service_id": "3456789012",
    				"service_type": "Airbrake",
    				"user_id": "U3456CDEF",
    				"user_name": "Joey",
    				"channel": "C1234567890",
    				"date": "1392163202",
    				"change_type": "disabled",
    				"reason": "user",
    				"scope": "incoming-webhook"
    			}
    		],
    		"paging": {
    				"count": 3,
    				"total": 3,
    				"page": 1,
    				"pages": 1
    		}
    	}


Logs can contain data for either a service or API application. If it's a service, `service_id` and `service_type` will be returned, and if it's an API application, `app_id` and `app_type` will be returned.

Logs can also contain different `change_types`. The possible types are: `added`, `removed`, `enabled`, `disabled`, `expanded` and `updated`.

If the log entry is an RSS feed, the log will also contain `rss_feed` (with a value of `true`), `rss_feed_change_type`, `rss_feed_title` and `rss_feed_url`.

When a `disabled` event is logged, its log entry will also contain a `reason` for why the event occurred. The list of possible reasons are:

  * `user` \- Manually disabled by user
  * `rate_limits` \- Rate limits exceeded
  * `slack` \- Disabled by Slack
  * `errors` \- Too many errors
  * `system` \- A system change (i.e. channel archived)
  * `admin` \- Admin (i.e. user deleted)
  * `api_decline` \- User declined the API TOS
  * `deauth` \- Service de-authorized


The paging information contains the `count` of logs returned, the `total` number of logs, the `page` of results returned in this response and the total number of `pages` available.

## Errors​

This table lists the expected errors that this method could return. However, other errors can be returned in the case where the service is down or other unexpected factors affect processing. Callers should always check the value of the `ok` parameter in the response.

Error

Description

`access_denied`

Access to a resource specified in the request is denied.

`accesslimited`

Access to this method is limited on the current network

`account_inactive`

Authentication token is for a deleted user or workspace when using a `bot` token.

`deprecated_endpoint`

The endpoint has been deprecated.

`ekm_access_denied`

Administrators have suspended the ability to post a message.

`enterprise_is_restricted`

The method cannot be called from an Enterprise.

`fatal_error`

The server could not complete your operation(s) without encountering a catastrophic error. It's possible some aspect of the operation succeeded before the error was raised.

`internal_error`

Internal Error

`internal_error`

The server could not complete your operation(s) without encountering an error, likely due to a transient issue on our end. It's possible some aspect of the operation succeeded before the error was raised.

`invalid_arg_name`

The method was passed an argument whose name falls outside the bounds of accepted or expected values. This includes very long names and names with non-alphanumeric characters other than `_`. If you get this error, it is typically an indication that you have made a _very_ malformed API call.

`invalid_arguments`

The method was called with invalid arguments.

`invalid_array_arg`

The method was passed an array as an argument. Please only input valid strings.

`invalid_auth`

Some aspect of authentication cannot be validated. Either the provided token is invalid or the request originates from an IP address disallowed from making the request.

`invalid_charset`

The method was called via a `POST` request, but the `charset` specified in the `Content-Type` header was invalid. Valid charset names are: `utf-8` `iso-8859-1`.

`invalid_form_data`

The method was called via a `POST` request with `Content-Type` `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` or `multipart/form-data`, but the form data was either missing or syntactically invalid.

`invalid_post_type`

The method was called via a `POST` request, but the specified `Content-Type` was invalid. Valid types are: `application/json` `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` `multipart/form-data` `text/plain`.

`method_deprecated`

The method has been deprecated.

`missing_argument`

A required argument is missing.

`missing_post_type`

The method was called via a `POST` request and included a data payload, but the request did not include a `Content-Type` header.

`missing_scope`

The token used is not granted the specific scope permissions required to complete this request.

`no_permission`

The workspace token used in this request does not have the permissions necessary to complete the request. Make sure your app is a member of the conversation it's attempting to post a message to.

`not_allowed_token_type`

The token type used in this request is not allowed.

`not_authed`

No authentication token provided.

`org_login_required`

The workspace is undergoing an enterprise migration and will not be available until migration is complete.

`ratelimited`

The request has been ratelimited. Refer to the `Retry-After` header for when to retry the request.

`request_timeout`

The method was called via a `POST` request, but the `POST` data was either missing or truncated.

`service_unavailable`

The service is temporarily unavailable

`team_access_not_granted`

The token used is not granted the specific workspace access required to complete this request.

`team_added_to_org`

The workspace associated with your request is currently undergoing migration to an Enterprise Organization. Web API and other platform operations will be intermittently unavailable until the transition is complete.

`token_expired`

Authentication token has expired

`token_revoked`

Authentication token is for a deleted user or workspace or the app has been removed when using a `user` token.

`two_factor_setup_required`

Two factor setup is required.