# users.profile.set

*Source: https://docs.slack.dev/reference/methods/users.profile.set*

---

DocsCall generator

## Facts​

**Description** Set a user's profile information, including custom status.

**Method Access**

  * HTTP
  * JavaScript
  * Python
  * Java




    POST https://slack.com/api/users.profile.set


[](/tools/bolt-js)


    app.client.users.profile.set


[](/tools/bolt-python)


    app.client.users_profile_set


[](/tools/java-slack-sdk/guides/getting-started-with-bolt)


    app.client().usersProfileSet


**Scopes**

User token:

[`users.profile:write`](/reference/scopes/users.profile.write)

**Content types**

`application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

`application/json`

**Rate Limits**[Tier 3: 50+ per minute](/apis/web-api/rate-limits)

## Arguments​

### Required arguments

**`token`**`string`Required

Authentication token bearing required scopes. Tokens should be passed as an HTTP Authorization header or alternatively, as a POST parameter.

_Example:_`xxxx-xxxxxxxxx-xxxx`

### Optional arguments

**`name`**`string`Optional

Name of a single key to set. Usable only if `profile` is not passed.

_Example:_`first_name`

**`profile`**`string`Optional

Collection of key:value pairs presented as a URL-encoded JSON hash. At most 50 fields may be set. Each field name is limited to 255 characters.

_Example:_`{ first_name: "John", ... }`

**`user`**`string`Optional

ID of user to change. This argument may only be specified by admins on paid teams.

**`value`**`string`Optional

Value to set a single key to. Usable only if `profile` is not passed.

_Example:_`John`

## Usage info​

Is this the API Method for you? Here are some things to keep in mind while using the `users.profile.set` API Method.

  * Your workspace must be on a paid plan to use the [`users.profile.set`](/reference/methods/users.profile.set) API method in order to change the profile for other users.
  * You must select **API** as the **Data source** within the [Configure Profiles](https://slack.com/help/articles/212281478-Customize-member-profiles#Manage-profile-fields) admin tool in order to call this method.
  * The `users.profile.set` API method requires you to use a user access token (starts with `xoxp-`).
  * The role level for the token is determined by the user who installed the app.
  * Org users cannot change their own profile details.
  * You can change usernames and display names with a token that was generated by a Workspace Owner or Admin (even if they are not an Org Owner/Admin). More details are in this [help center article](https://slack.com/help/articles/115004685366-Manage-your-members-names-in-Slack). For any other profile detail changes, you must use a token that was generated by an Owner or Admin (For Enterprise orgs, this must be an Org Owner or Org Admin). You also cannot change the profile details for a user unless your role level is higher than theirs. Role levels from highest to lowest are: `Primary Owner` > `Owner` > `Admin` > `Member` > `Guest`. More information about roles can be found [here](https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/360018112273-Roles-in-Slack). Therefore:
    * To change the profile of Admins, you must be using a token that was minimally generated by an Owner.
    * To change the profile of Owners, you must be using a token that was generated by a Primary Owner.


### Profile fields​

There are two ways to update non-custom profile fields with this method:

  * Update one field at a time by passing the pair of arguments `name` and `value`.
  * Update multiple fields by passing the argument `profile`.


You can update any of the following non-custom fields from the `profile` object within a Slack [`user`](/reference/objects/user-object) object:Field| Description| `display_name`| The display name the user has chosen to identify themselves by in their workspace profile. Maximum of 80 characters.| `email`| A valid email address. The email address must have an `@` and a domain, and cannot have spaces or be in use by another member of the same team. Changing a user's email address will send an email message to both the old and new addresses, and the user's email address will not be updated until the user clicks the confirmation link in the email message. You cannot update your own email using this method; this field can only be changed _by admins_ for users on paid teams.| `first_name`| The user's first name. The name `slackbot` cannot be used. Updating `first_name` will update the first name within `real_name`.| `last_name`| The user's last name. The name `slackbot` cannot be used. Updating `last_name` will update the second name within `real_name`.| `phone`| The user's phone number, in any format.| `pronouns`| The user's pronouns.| `real_name`| The user's first and last name. Updating this field will update `first_name` and `last_name`. If only one name is provided, the value of `last_name` will be cleared. Maximum of 50 characters.| `start_date`| The date the person joined the organization (Business+ or Enterprise Grid customers only).| `title`| The user's title.
---|---

The `skype` field will always be an empty string and cannot be set otherwise.

For more details, please read [this changelog](/changelog/2017-02-minor-field-changes) entry.

While profile image fields are present in the `profile` object, they cannot be set using the [`users.profile.set`](/reference/methods/users.profile.set) method. Use [`users.setPhoto`](/reference/methods/users.setPhoto) and [`users.deletePhoto`](/reference/methods/users.deletePhoto) to update a user's profile image.

The following example payload updates the values of `first_name`, `last_name`, `pronoun`, and `email` for a user:


    {
    	"profile": {
    		"first_name": "John",
    		"last_name": "Smith",
    		"pronouns": "they/them",
    		"email": "john@smith.com"
    	}
    }


### Custom profile fields​

Custom fields are created within the [organization admin tools](https://slack.com/help/articles/115005594006-Guide-to-the-Slack-admin-dashboard). Once a field is created, you can update it for users with this API method.

Each custom profile field has a unique per-team ID. You can update a custom profile field by providing a key:value pair where the key is the relevant ID. Use [`team.profile.get`](/reference/methods/team.profile.get) to retrieve the profile fields and their IDs used by a team.

You can update a profile field by using the ID in the `name` field. To update _custom_ profile fields, use the `fields` object instead. The `fields` object is an array of custom profile fields' key:value pairs.

If you update fields within the `fields` array, you can also choose to set the `alt` field. While the `value` of a field is what is usually displayed, the `alt` key will be displayed instead if it is set. The `alt` field can be up to 256 characters for all field types.

A field within the `fields` array needs a `type`. This determines the `type` of information `value` contains.Type| Description| `date`| the `value` must be a valid date.| `link`| the `value` can be any valid link that's not more than 256 characters. The link text will be the `alt` value if set, or the data element name if `alt` is not set.| `long_text`| the `value` can be up to 5,000 characters of [basic formatted](/messaging/formatting-message-text#basics) `mrkdown`. See the `long_text` section below.| `options_list`| the `value` must be one of the `possible_values` in the field definition.| `tags`| the `value` contains distinct elements known as multi-value tags. Individual tags can hold up to 50 characters. Any number of tags can be created by admins, but end-users can only add 75 tags to their profiles. See the `tags` section below.| `text`| the `value` can be up to 256 characters of plain text.| `user`| the `value` can be up to 25 user IDs, separated by commas.
---|---

The following example sets the `value` of three fields; one with plain text, one with a date, and another with a link.


    {
    	"profile": {
    		"fields": {
    			"Xf0111111": {
    				"value": "Barista",
    				"alt": ""
    			},
    			"Xf0222222": {
    				"value": "2022-04-11",
    				"alt": ""
    			},
    			"Xf0333333": {
    				"value": "https://example.com",
    				"alt": ""
    			}
    		}
    	}
    }


#### Long_text (Flexible Text)​

The `value` of a `long_text` field can be up to 5,000 characters of [basic formatted](/messaging/formatting-message-text#basics) `mrkdown`.

While you should use [`team.profile.get`](/reference/methods/team.profile.get) to get the ID for any field, including long-text fields, you should _not_ copy the received schema. Below is a properly formatted payload for updating the `long_text` field with `user.profile.set`.


    {
    	"profile": {
    		"fields": {
    			"Xf0222222": {
    				"value": "​​I make absolutely the best coffee you will *_ever_* taste. Learn more about where I studied <http://www.example.com|how to pull an espresso shot>. :coffee:",
    				"alt": ""
    			}
    		}
    	}
    }


#### Tags (Smart Tags)​

The `value` of a `tags` field contains distinct elements known as multi-value tags. Individual tags can hold up to 50 characters. Any number of tags can be created by admins, but end-users can only add 75 tags to each smart tag element on their profiles.

While you should use [`team.profile.get`](/reference/methods/team.profile.get) to get the ID for any field, including smart tag fields, you should _not_ copy the received schema. Below is a properly formatted payload for updating the `tags` field with `user.profile.set`.


    {
    	"fields": {
    		"Xf0333333": {
    			"value": [
    				"Mocha", "Latte", "Americano"
    			],
    			"alt": ""
    		}
    	}
    }


#### Name Pronunciation​

The Name Pronunciation field lets a user provide a text description of how their name is pronounced. This text is displayed under their job title.

Use `team.profile.get` to obtain the field ID. Below is an example payload for updating the field once you have that ID:


    {
    	"profile": {
    		"fields": {
    			"Xf0444444": {
    				"value": "Zoë is pronounced zo-ee",
    				"alt": ""
    			}
    		}
    	}
    }


Name Recordings

A user can also record an audio file of how their name is pronounced. This name recording will appear on their profile as a speaker icon. A Name Recording cannot be updated via API.

### Status updates​

This method is also used to set a user's [current status](/apis/web-api/user-presence-and-status#custom_status).

Place the following status fields within the `profile` object when calling [`users.profile.set`](/reference/methods/users.profile.set):Field| Type| Description| `status_emoji`| string| The displayed emoji that is enabled for the Slack team, such as `:train:`.| `status_expiration`| integer| the Unix timestamp of when the status will expire. Providing `0` or omitting this field results in a custom status that will not expire.| `status_text`| string| The displayed text of up to 100 characters. We strongly encourage brevity.
---|---|---

For example, the following payload sets a custom status of `🚆 riding a train` and has it expire on July 26th, 2018 at 17:51:46 UTC:


    {
    	"profile": {
    		"status_text": "riding a train",
    		"status_emoji": ":train:",
    		"status_expiration": 1532627506
    	}
    }


To manually unset a user's custom status, provide empty strings to both the `status_text` and `status_emoji` attributes: `""`.

### Start dates​

A user's start date can be found in the `start_date` non-custom profile field. You can update this field like any other non-custom profile field.


    {
    	"profile": {
    		"start_date": "2022-10-22"
    	},
    	"user": "U123ABC456"
    }


When you update a user's start date, both the `start_date` field and a custom profile field with its own unique field ID is updated.

While it's perfectly fine to just update `start_date`, you could also choose to update this custom field instead, after obtaining the custom field ID with [`team.profile.get`](/reference/methods/team.profile.get). Updating one of these fields will update the other field accordingly.


    {
        "profile": {
            "fields": {
                "Xf0123ABC456": {
                    "value": "2022-10-22",
                }
        },
        "user": "U123ABC456",
    }


### Building your HTTP request​

We **strongly recommend** using `application/json` POSTs when using this method. If you choose to use `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, you must URL-encode the JSON provided to the `profile` field.

In general, you need to set your content type and authorization credentials to make an HTTP request. If you're using a workspace token, you need to provide an `x-slack-user` header indicating the user you're [acting on behalf of](/changelog/2021-01-workspace-apps-retiring-the-platform-graveyard-in-aug-2021).

You can send a JSON payload to `users.profile.set` with such an HTTP request:


    POST /users/profile.set
    Host: slack.com
    Authorization: Bearer xoxp-secret-token
    Content-type: application/json; charset=utf-8
    {
        "profile": {
            "first_name": "John",
            "last_name": "Smith",
            "pronouns": "they/them",
            "email": "john@smith.com",
            "fields": {
                "Xf0111111": {
                    "value": "Barista",
                    "alt": ""
                },
                "Xf0222222": {
                    "value": "2022-04-11",
                    "alt": ""
                },
                "Xf0333333": {
                    "value": "https://example.com",
                    "alt": ""
                }
            }
        }
    }


This method will generate a [`user_change`](/reference/events/user_change) event on success, containing the complete user.

## Profile update rate limits​

Update a user's profile, including custom status, sparingly. Special [rate limit](/apis/web-api/rate-limits) rules apply when updating profile data with [`users.profile.set`](/reference/methods/users.profile.set). A token may update a single user's profile no more than **10** times per minute. And a single token may only set **30** user profiles per minute. Some burst behavior is allowed.

* * *

## Response​

####

The complete user's profile will be returned.


    {
      "ok": true,
      "profile": {
        "title": "Head of Coffee Production",
        "phone": "",
        "skype": "",
        "real_name": "John Smith",
        "real_name_normalized": "John Smith",
        "display_name": "john",
        "display_name_normalized": "john",
        "fields": {
          "Xf0111111": {
            "value": "Barista",
            "alt": ""
          },
          "Xf0222222": {
            "value": "2022-04-11",
            "alt": ""
          },
          "Xf0333333": {
            "value": "https://example.com",
            "alt": ""
          }
        },
        "status_text": "Watching cold brew steep",
        "status_emoji": ":coffee:",
        "status_emoji_display_info": [],
        "status_expiration": 0,
        "avatar_hash": "123xyz",
        "start_date": "2022-03-21",
        "email": "johnsmith@example.com",
        "pronouns": "they/them/theirs",
        "huddle_state": "default_unset",
        "huddle_state_expiration_ts": 0,
        "first_name": "john",
        "last_name": "smith",
        "image_24": "https://.../...-24.png",
        "image_32": "https://.../...-32.png",
        "image_48": "https://.../...-48.png",
        "image_72": "https://.../...-72.png",
        "image_192": "https://.../....-192png",
        "image_512": "https://.../...-512.png"
      }
    }


####

Typical error response


    {
      "ok": false,
      "error": "invalid_profile"
    }


## Errors​

This table lists the expected errors that this method could return. However, other errors can be returned in the case where the service is down or other unexpected factors affect processing. Callers should always check the value of the `ok` parameter in the response.

Error

Description

`access_denied`

Access to a resource specified in the request is denied.

`accesslimited`

Access to this method is limited on the current network

`account_inactive`

Authentication token is for a deleted user or workspace when using a `bot` token.

`cannot_update_admin_user`

Only a primary owner can update the profile of an admin.

`deprecated_endpoint`

The endpoint has been deprecated.

`ekm_access_denied`

Administrators have suspended the ability to post a message.

`email_taken`

email taken

`enterprise_is_restricted`

The method cannot be called from an Enterprise.

`fatal_error`

The server could not complete your operation(s) without encountering a catastrophic error. It's possible some aspect of the operation succeeded before the error was raised.

`internal_error`

The server could not complete your operation(s) without encountering an error, likely due to a transient issue on our end. It's possible some aspect of the operation succeeded before the error was raised.

`invalid_arg_name`

The method was passed an argument whose name falls outside the bounds of accepted or expected values. This includes very long names and names with non-alphanumeric characters other than `_`. If you get this error, it is typically an indication that you have made a _very_ malformed API call.

`invalid_arguments`

The method was called with invalid arguments.

`invalid_array_arg`

The method was passed an array as an argument. Please only input valid strings.

`invalid_auth`

Some aspect of authentication cannot be validated. Either the provided token is invalid or the request originates from an IP address disallowed from making the request.

`invalid_charset`

The method was called via a `POST` request, but the `charset` specified in the `Content-Type` header was invalid. Valid charset names are: `utf-8` `iso-8859-1`.

`invalid_emoji_not_allowed`

Invalid emoji not allowed.

`invalid_form_data`

The method was called via a `POST` request with `Content-Type` `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` or `multipart/form-data`, but the form data was either missing or syntactically invalid.

`invalid_ooo_message`

Invalid Out of Office message.

`invalid_post_type`

The method was called via a `POST` request, but the specified `Content-Type` was invalid. Valid types are: `application/json` `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` `multipart/form-data` `text/plain`.

`invalid_profile`

Profile object passed in is not valid JSON (make sure it is URL encoded!).

`invalid_starts_with_at`

Name cannot start with @.

`method_deprecated`

The method has been deprecated.

`missing_post_type`

The method was called via a `POST` request and included a data payload, but the request did not include a `Content-Type` header.

`missing_scope`

The token used is not granted the specific scope permissions required to complete this request.

`must_clear_both_status_text_and_status_emoji`

Clearing the status requires setting both `status_text` and `status_emoji` to ''.

`name_not_allowed`

name cannot contain URL.

`no_permission`

The workspace token used in this request does not have the permissions necessary to complete the request. Make sure your app is a member of the conversation it's attempting to post a message to.

`not_admin`

Only admins can update the profile of another user. Some fields, like `email` may only be updated by an admin.

`not_allowed_token_type`

The token type used in this request is not allowed.

`not_app_admin`

Only team owners and selected members can update the profile of a bot user.

`not_authed`

No authentication token provided.

`org_login_required`

The workspace is undergoing an enterprise migration and will not be available until migration is complete.

`partial_profile_set_failed`

Failed to set user profile.

`permission_denied`

Permission denied.

`profile_set_failed`

Failed to set user profile.

`ratelimited`

The request has been ratelimited. Refer to the `Retry-After` header for when to retry the request.

`request_timeout`

The method was called via a `POST` request, but the `POST` data was either missing or truncated.

`reserved_name`

First or last name are reserved.

`service_unavailable`

The service is temporarily unavailable

`sudo_required`

Request requires sudo session.

`team_access_not_granted`

The token used is not granted the specific workspace access required to complete this request.

`team_added_to_org`

The workspace associated with your request is currently undergoing migration to an Enterprise Organization. Web API and other platform operations will be intermittently unavailable until the transition is complete.

`token_expired`

Authentication token has expired

`token_revoked`

Authentication token is for a deleted user or workspace or the app has been removed when using a `user` token.

`too_long`

You attempted to set a custom status but it was longer than the maximum allowed, 100.

`two_factor_setup_required`

Two factor setup is required.

`username_same`

Username is the same as the current username.