# Account/6/post/closeAccountHolder

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Account/6/post/closeAccountHolder*

---

# Close an account holder
Changes thestatus of an account holdertoClosed. This state is final. If an account holder is closed, you can't process transactions, pay out funds, or reopen it. If payments are made to an account of an account holder with aClosedstatus, the payments are sent to your liable account.
The code of the Account Holder to be closed.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessaccountHolderStatusobjectThe new status of the Account Holder.Show childrenHide childreneventsarray[object]A list of events scheduled for the account holder.Show childrenHide childreneventstringThe event.Permitted values:InactivateAccount,RefundNotPaidOutTransfers.
For more information, refer toVerification checks.executionDatestringThe date on which the event will take place.reasonstringThe reason why this event has been created.payoutStateobjectThe payout state of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrenallowPayoutbooleanIndicates whether payouts are allowed. This field is the overarching payout status, and is the aggregate of multiple conditions (e.g., KYC status, disabled flag, etc). If this field is false, no payouts will be permitted for any of the account holder's accounts. If this field is true, payouts will be permitted for any of the account holder's accounts.disableReasonstringThe reason why payouts (to all of the account holder's accounts) have been disabled (by the platform). If thedisabledfield is true, this field can be used to explain why.disabledbooleanIndicates whether payouts have been disabled (by the platform) for all of the account holder's accounts. A platform may enable and disable this field at their discretion. If this field is true,allowPayoutwill be false and no payouts will be permitted for any of the account holder's accounts. If this field is false,allowPayoutmay or may not be enabled, depending on other factors.notAllowedReasonstringThe reason why payouts (to all of the account holder's accounts) have been disabled (by Adyen). If payouts have been disabled by Adyen, this field will explain why. If this field is blank, payouts have not been disabled by Adyen.payoutLimitobjectThe maximum amount that payouts are limited to. Only applies if payouts are allowed but limited.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency code.valueintegerThe amount of the transaction, inminor units.tierNumberintegerThe payout tier that the account holder occupies.processingStateobjectThe processing state of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrendisableReasonstringThe reason why processing has been disabled.disabledbooleanIndicates whether the processing of payments is allowed.processedFromobjectThe lower bound of the processing tier (i.e., an account holder must have processed at least this amount of money in order to be placed into this tier).Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency code.valueintegerThe amount of the transaction, inminor units.processedToobjectThe upper bound of the processing tier (i.e., an account holder must have processed less than this amount of money in order to be placed into this tier).Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency code.valueintegerThe amount of the transaction, inminor units.tierNumberintegerThe processing tier that the account holder occupies.statusstringThe status of the account holder.Permitted values:Active,Inactive,Suspended,Closed.statusReasonstringThe reason why the status was assigned to the account holder.invalidFieldsarray[object]Contains field validation errors that would prevent requests from being processed.Show childrenHide childrenerrorCodeintegerThe validation error code.errorDescriptionstringA description of the validation error.fieldTypeobjectThe type of error field.Show childrenHide childrenfieldstringThe full name of the property.fieldNamestringThe type of the field.shareholderCodestringThe code of the shareholder that the field belongs to. If empty, the field belongs to an account holder.pspReferencestringThe reference of a request. Can be used to uniquely identify the request.resultCodestringThe result code.
- 202 - AcceptedThe request has been accepted for processing, but the processing has not been completed.Show moreShow lessaccountHolderStatusobjectThe new status of the Account Holder.Show childrenHide childreneventsarray[object]A list of events scheduled for the account holder.Show childrenHide childreneventstringThe event.Permitted values:InactivateAccount,RefundNotPaidOutTransfers.
For more information, refer toVerification checks.executionDatestringThe date on which the event will take place.reasonstringThe reason why this event has been created.payoutStateobjectThe payout state of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrenallowPayoutbooleanIndicates whether payouts are allowed. This field is the overarching payout status, and is the aggregate of multiple conditions (e.g., KYC status, disabled flag, etc). If this field is false, no payouts will be permitted for any of the account holder's accounts. If this field is true, payouts will be permitted for any of the account holder's accounts.disableReasonstringThe reason why payouts (to all of the account holder's accounts) have been disabled (by the platform). If thedisabledfield is true, this field can be used to explain why.disabledbooleanIndicates whether payouts have been disabled (by the platform) for all of the account holder's accounts. A platform may enable and disable this field at their discretion. If this field is true,allowPayoutwill be false and no payouts will be permitted for any of the account holder's accounts. If this field is false,allowPayoutmay or may not be enabled, depending on other factors.notAllowedReasonstringThe reason why payouts (to all of the account holder's accounts) have been disabled (by Adyen). If payouts have been disabled by Adyen, this field will explain why. If this field is blank, payouts have not been disabled by Adyen.payoutLimitobjectThe maximum amount that payouts are limited to. Only applies if payouts are allowed but limited.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency code.valueintegerThe amount of the transaction, inminor units.tierNumberintegerThe payout tier that the account holder occupies.processingStateobjectThe processing state of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrendisableReasonstringThe reason why processing has been disabled.disabledbooleanIndicates whether the processing of payments is allowed.processedFromobjectThe lower bound of the processing tier (i.e., an account holder must have processed at least this amount of money in order to be placed into this tier).Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency code.valueintegerThe amount of the transaction, inminor units.processedToobjectThe upper bound of the processing tier (i.e., an account holder must have processed less than this amount of money in order to be placed into this tier).Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency code.valueintegerThe amount of the transaction, inminor units.tierNumberintegerThe processing tier that the account holder occupies.statusstringThe status of the account holder.Permitted values:Active,Inactive,Suspended,Closed.statusReasonstringThe reason why the status was assigned to the account holder.invalidFieldsarray[object]Contains field validation errors that would prevent requests from being processed.Show childrenHide childrenerrorCodeintegerThe validation error code.errorDescriptionstringA description of the validation error.fieldTypeobjectThe type of error field.Show childrenHide childrenfieldstringThe full name of the property.fieldNamestringThe type of the field.shareholderCodestringThe code of the shareholder that the field belongs to. If empty, the field belongs to an account holder.pspReferencestringThe reference of a request. Can be used to uniquely identify the request.resultCodestringThe result code.
- 400 - Bad RequestA problem reading or understanding the request.Show moreShow lesserrorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lesserrorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lesserrorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lesserrorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lesserrorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.

#### 200 - OK

#### 202 - Accepted

#### 400 - Bad Request

#### 401 - Unauthorized

#### 403 - Forbidden

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity

#### 500 - Internal Server Error