# balanceplatform/2/get/balanceAccounts/(balanceAccountId)/sweeps

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/balanceplatform/2/get/balanceAccounts/(balanceAccountId)/sweeps*

---

# Get all sweeps for a balance account
Returns a list of the sweeps configured for a balance account.
To fetch multiple pages, use the query parameters. For example, to limit the page to 5 sweeps and to skip the first 10, use/balanceAccounts/{balanceAccountId}/sweeps?limit=5&offset=10.
The number of items returned per page, maximum 100 items. By default, the response returns 10 items per page.
The number of items that you want to skip.
The unique identifier of the balance account.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lesshasNextbooleanIndicates whether there are more items on the next page.hasPreviousbooleanIndicates whether there are more items on the previous page.sweepsarray[object]List of sweeps associated with the balance account.Show childrenHide childrencategorystringThe type of transfer that results from the sweep.Possible values:bank: Sweep to atransfer instrument.internal: Transfer to anotherbalance accountwithin your platform.Required when settingpriorities.counterpartyobjectThe destination or the source of the funds, depending on the sweeptype.Either abalanceAccountId,transferInstrumentId, ormerchantAccountis required.Show childrenHide childrenbalanceAccountIdstringThe unique identifier of the destination or sourcebalance account.If you are updating the counterparty from a transfer instrument to a balance account, settransferInstrumentIdtonull.merchantAccountstringThe merchant account that will be the source of funds.You can only use this parameter with sweeps oftypepulland if you are processing payments with Adyen.transferInstrumentIdstringThe unique identifier of the destination or sourcetransfer instrumentdepending on the sweeptype. To set up automated top-up sweeps to balance accounts in yourmarketplaceorplatform, use this parameter in combination with amerchantAccountand a sweeptypeofpull.Top-up sweeps start a direct debit request from the source transfer instrument. Contact Adyen Support to enable this feature.> If you are updating the counterparty from a balance account to a transfer instrument, setbalanceAccountIdtonull.currencystringThe three-characterISO currency codein uppercase. For example,EUR.The sweep currency must match any of thebalances currencies.descriptionstringThe message that will be used in the sweep transfer's description body with a maximum length of 140 characters.If the message is longer after replacing placeholders, the message will be cut off at 140 characters.idstringThe unique identifier of the sweep.prioritiesarray[string]The list of priorities for the bank transfer. This sets the speed at which the transfer is sent and the fees that you have to pay. You can provide multiple priorities, ordered by your preference. Adyen will try to pay out using the priorities in the given order. If the first priority is not currently supported or enabled for your platform, the system will try the next one, and so on.The request will be accepted as long asat least oneof the provided priorities is valid (i.e., supported by Adyen and activated for your platform). For example, if you provide["wire","regular"], andwireis not supported butregularis, the request will still be accepted and processed.Possible values:regular: For normal, low-value transactions.fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).Setcategorytobank. For more details, see optional priorities setup formarketplacesorplatforms.reasonstringThe reason for disabling the sweep.reasonDetailstringThe human readable reason for disabling the sweep.referencestringMax length:80Your reference for the sweep configuration.referenceForBeneficiarystringMax length:80The reference sent to or received from the counterparty. Only alphanumeric characters are allowed.scheduleobjectThe schedule when thetriggerAmountis evaluated. If the balance meets the threshold, funds are pushed out of or pulled in to the balance account.Show childrenHide childrencronExpressionstringAcron expressionthat is used to set the sweep schedule. The schedule uses the time zone of the balance account.
For example,30 17 * * MONschedules a sweep every Monday at 17:30.The expression must have five values separated by a single space in the following order:Minute:0-59Hour:0-23Day of the month:1-31Month:1-12orJAN-DECDay of the week:0-7(0 and 7 are Sunday) orMON-SUN.The following non-standard characters are supported:*,L,#,Wand/. Seecrontab gurufor more examples.Required whentypeiscron.typestringThe schedule type.Possible values:cron: push out funds based on acronExpression.daily: push out funds daily at 07:00 AM CET.weekly: push out funds every Monday at 07:00 AM CET.monthly: push out funds every first of the month at 07:00 AM CET.balance: execute the sweep instantly if thetriggerAmountis reached.statusstringThe status of the sweep. If not provided, by default, this is set toactive.Possible values:active:  the sweep is enabled and funds will be pulled in or pushed out based on the defined configuration.inactive: the sweep is disabled and cannot be triggered.sweepAmountobjectThe amount that must be pushed out or pulled in. You can configure eithersweepAmountortargetAmount, not both.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.targetAmountobjectThe amount that must be available in the balance account after the sweep. You can configure eithersweepAmountortargetAmount, not both.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.triggerAmountobjectThe threshold amount that triggers the sweep. If not provided, by default, the amount is set to zero. ThetriggerAmountis evaluated according to the specifiedschedule.type.Fortypepull, if the balance is less than or equal to thetriggerAmount, funds are pulled in to the balance account.Fortypepush, if the balance is more than or equal to thetriggerAmount, funds are pushed out of the balance account.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.typestringThe direction of sweep, whether pushing out or pulling in funds to the balance account. If not provided, by default, this is set topush.Possible values:push:push out fundsto a destination balance account or transfer instrument.pull:pull in fundsfrom a source merchant account, transfer instrument, or balance account.
- 400 - Bad RequestA problem reading or understanding the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.

#### 200 - OK
- bank: Sweep to atransfer instrument.
- internal: Transfer to anotherbalance accountwithin your platform.
- regular: For normal, low-value transactions.
- fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.
- wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.
- instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.
- crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.
- internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).
- Minute:0-59
- Hour:0-23
- Day of the month:1-31
- Month:1-12orJAN-DEC
- Day of the week:0-7(0 and 7 are Sunday) orMON-SUN.
- cron: push out funds based on acronExpression.
- daily: push out funds daily at 07:00 AM CET.
- weekly: push out funds every Monday at 07:00 AM CET.
- monthly: push out funds every first of the month at 07:00 AM CET.
- balance: execute the sweep instantly if thetriggerAmountis reached.
- active:  the sweep is enabled and funds will be pulled in or pushed out based on the defined configuration.
- inactive: the sweep is disabled and cannot be triggered.
- Fortypepull, if the balance is less than or equal to thetriggerAmount, funds are pulled in to the balance account.
- Fortypepush, if the balance is more than or equal to thetriggerAmount, funds are pushed out of the balance account.
- push:push out fundsto a destination balance account or transfer instrument.
- pull:pull in fundsfrom a source merchant account, transfer instrument, or balance account.

#### 400 - Bad Request

#### 401 - Unauthorized

#### 403 - Forbidden

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity

#### 500 - Internal Server Error