# balanceplatform/2/patch/accountHolders/(id)

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/balanceplatform/2/patch/accountHolders/(id)*

---

# Update an account holder
Updates an account holder. When updating an account holder resource, if a parameter is not provided in the request, it is left unchanged.
The unique identifier of the account holder.
The unique identifier of thebalance platformto which the account holder belongs. Required in the request if your API credentials can be used for multiple balance platforms.
Contains key-value pairs that specify the actions that an account holder can do in your platform. The key is a capability required for your integration. For example,issueCardfor Issuing. The value is an object containing the settings for the capability.
Indicates whether the capability is enabled. Iffalse, the capability is temporarily disabled for the account holder.
Indicates whether the capability is requested. To check whether the account holder is permitted to use the capability, refer to theallowedfield.
The requested level of the capability. Some capabilities, such as those used incard issuing, have different levels. Levels increase the capability, but also require additional checks and increased monitoring.
Possible values:notApplicable,low,medium,high.
Contact details of the account holder.
The address of the account holder.
The name of the city. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
The two-character ISO-3166-1 alpha-2 country code. For example,US.
If you don't know the country or are not collecting the country from the shopper, providecountryasZZ.
The number or name of the house. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
A maximum of five digits for an address in the US, or a maximum of ten characters for an address in all other countries.
The two-character ISO 3166-2 state or province code. For example,CAin the US orONin Canada.
Required for the US and Canada.
The name of the street. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
The house number should not be included in this field; it should be separately provided viahouseNumberOrName.
The email address of the account holder.
The phone number of the account holder.
The full phone number provided as a single string.
For example,"0031 6 11 22 33 44","+316/1122-3344",
or"(0031) 611223344".
Type of phone number.
Possible values:Landline,Mobile.
The URL of the account holder's website.
Your description for the account holder.
A set of key and value pairs for general use.
The keys do not have specific names and may be used for storing miscellaneous data as desired.
Note that during an update of metadata, the omission of existing key-value pairs will result in the deletion of those key-value pairs.
The ID of the account holder's primary balance account. By default, this is set to the first balance account that you create for the account holder. To assign a different balance account, send a PATCH request.
Your reference for the account holder.
The status of the account holder.
Possible values:
- active: The account holder is active and allowed to use its capabilities. This is the initial status for account holders and balance accounts. You can change this status tosuspendedorclosed.
- suspended: The account holder is temporarily disabled and payouts are blocked. You can change this status toactiveorclosed.
- closed: The account holder and all of its capabilities are permanently disabled. This is a final status and cannot be changed.
The time zone of the account holder. For example,Europe/Amsterdam.
Defaults to the time zone of the balance platform if no time zone is set. For possible values, see thelist of time zone codes.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessbalancePlatformstringThe unique identifier of thebalance platformto which the account holder belongs. Required in the request if your API credentials can be used for multiple balance platforms.capabilitiesobjectContains key-value pairs that specify the actions that an account holder can do in your platform. The key is a capability required for your integration. For example,issueCardfor Issuing. The value is an object containing the settings for the capability.Show childrenHide childrenallowedbooleanIndicates whether the capability is allowed. Adyen sets this totrueif the verification is successful and the account holder is permitted to use the capability.allowedLevelstringThe capability level that is allowed for the account holder.Possible values:notApplicable,low,medium,high.allowedSettingsobjectA JSON object containing the settings that are allowed for the account holder.Show childrenHide childrenamountPerIndustryobjectShow childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.authorizedCardUsersbooleanfundingSourcearray[string]intervalstringmaxAmountobjectShow childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.enabledbooleanIndicates whether the capability is enabled. Iffalse, the capability is temporarily disabled for the account holder.problemsarray[object]Contains verification errors and the actions that you can take to resolve them.Show childrenHide childrenentityobjectContains the type of the entity and the corresponding ID.Show childrenHide childrendocumentsarray[string]List of document IDs to which the verification errors related to the capabilities correspond to.idstringThe ID of the entity.ownerobjectContains details about the owner of the entity that has an error.Show childrenHide childrendocumentsarray[string]List of document IDs to which the verification errors related to the capabilities correspond to.idstringThe ID of the entity.typestringType of entity.Possible values:LegalEntity,BankAccount,Document.typestringType of entity.Possible values:LegalEntity,BankAccount,Document.verificationErrorsarray[object]Contains information about the verification error.Show childrenHide childrencapabilitiesarray[string]Contains the capabilities that the verification error applies to.codestringThe verification error code.messagestringA description of the error.remediatingActionsarray[object]Contains the actions that you can take to resolve the verification error.Show childrenHide childrencodestringThe remediating action code.messagestringA description of how you can resolve the verification error.subErrorsarray[object]Contains more granular information about the verification error.Show childrenHide childrencapabilitiesarray[string]Contains the capabilities that the verification error applies to.codestringThe verification error code.messagestringA description of the error.typestringThe type of error.Possible values:invalidInputdataMissingpendingStatusdataReviewremediatingActionsarray[object]Contains the actions that you can take to resolve the verification error.Show childrenHide childrencodestringThe remediating action code.messagestringA description of how you can resolve the verification error.typestringThe type of error.Possible values:invalidInputdataMissingpendingStatusdataReviewrequestedbooleanIndicates whether the capability is requested. To check whether the account holder is permitted to use the capability, refer to theallowedfield.requestedLevelstringThe requested level of the capability. Some capabilities, such as those used incard issuing, have different levels. Levels increase the capability, but also require additional checks and increased monitoring.Possible values:notApplicable,low,medium,high.requestedSettingsobjectA JSON object containing the settings that were requested for the account holder.Show childrenHide childrenamountPerIndustryobjectShow childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.authorizedCardUsersbooleanfundingSourcearray[string]intervalstringmaxAmountobjectShow childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.transferInstrumentsarray[object]Contains the status of the transfer instruments associated with this capability.Show childrenHide childrenallowedbooleanIndicates whether the supporting entity capability is allowed. Adyen sets this totrueif the verification is successful and the account holder is permitted to use the capability.allowedLevelstringThe capability level that is allowed for the account holder.Possible values:notApplicable,low,medium,high.enabledbooleanIndicates whether the capability is enabled. Iffalse, the capability is temporarily disabled for the account holder.idstringThe ID of the supporting entity.requestedbooleanIndicates whether the capability is requested. To check whether the account holder is permitted to use the capability, refer to theallowedfield.requestedLevelstringThe requested level of the capability. Some capabilities, such as those used incard issuing, have different levels. Levels increase the capability, but also require additional checks and increased monitoring.Possible values:notApplicable,low,medium,high.verificationStatusstringThe status of the verification checks for the supporting entity capability.Possible values:pending: Adyen is running the verification.invalid: The verification failed. Check if theerrorsarray contains more information.valid: The verification has been successfully completed.rejected: Adyen has verified the information, but found reasons to not allow the capability.verificationStatusstringThe status of the verification checks for the capability.Possible values:pending: Adyen is running the verification.invalid: The verification failed. Check if theerrorsarray contains more information.valid: The verification has been successfully completed.rejected: Adyen has verified the information, but found reasons to not allow the capability.contactDetailsobjectDeprecatedContact details of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrenaddressobjectThe address of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrencitystringMax length:3000The name of the city. Maximum length: 3000 characters.countrystringThe two-character ISO-3166-1 alpha-2 country code. For example,US.If you don't know the country or are not collecting the country from the shopper, providecountryasZZ.houseNumberOrNamestringMax length:3000The number or name of the house. Maximum length: 3000 characters.postalCodestringA maximum of five digits for an address in the US, or a maximum of ten characters for an address in all other countries.stateOrProvincestringThe two-character ISO 3166-2 state or province code. For example,CAin the US orONin Canada.Required for the US and Canada.streetstringMax length:3000The name of the street. Maximum length: 3000 characters.The house number should not be included in this field; it should be separately provided viahouseNumberOrName.emailstringThe email address of the account holder.phoneobjectThe phone number of the account holder.Show childrenHide childrennumberstringThe full phone number provided as a single string.
For example,"0031 6 11 22 33 44","+316/1122-3344",or"(0031) 611223344".typestringType of phone number.
Possible values:Landline,Mobile.webAddressstringThe URL of the account holder's website.descriptionstringMax length:300Your description for the account holder.idstringThe unique identifier of the account holder.legalEntityIdstringThe unique identifier of thelegal entityassociated with the account holder. Adyen performs a verification process against the legal entity of the account holder.metadataobjectA set of key and value pairs for general use.
The keys do not have specific names and may be used for storing miscellaneous data as desired.Note that during an update of metadata, the omission of existing key-value pairs will result in the deletion of those key-value pairs.migratedAccountHolderCodestringThe unique identifier of the migrated account holder in the classic integration.primaryBalanceAccountstringThe ID of the account holder's primary balance account. By default, this is set to the first balance account that you create for the account holder. To assign a different balance account, send a PATCH request.referencestringMax length:150Your reference for the account holder.statusstringThe status of the account holder.Possible values:active: The account holder is active and allowed to use its capabilities. This is the initial status for account holders and balance accounts. You can change this status tosuspendedorclosed.suspended: The account holder is temporarily disabled and payouts are blocked. You can change this status toactiveorclosed.closed: The account holder and all of its capabilities are permanently disabled. This is a final status and cannot be changed.timeZonestringThe time zone of the account holder. For example,Europe/Amsterdam.
Defaults to the time zone of the balance platform if no time zone is set. For possible values, see thelist of time zone codes.verificationDeadlinesarray[object]List of verification deadlines and the capabilities that will be disallowed if verification errors are not resolved.Show childrenHide childrencapabilitiesarray[string]The names of the capabilities to be disallowed.entityIdsarray[string]The unique identifiers of the bank account(s) that the deadline applies toexpiresAtstringThe date that verification is due by before capabilities are disallowed.
- 400 - Bad RequestA problem reading or understanding the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.

#### 200 - OK
- invalidInput
- dataMissing
- pendingStatus
- dataReview
- invalidInput
- dataMissing
- pendingStatus
- dataReview
- pending: Adyen is running the verification.
- invalid: The verification failed. Check if theerrorsarray contains more information.
- valid: The verification has been successfully completed.
- rejected: Adyen has verified the information, but found reasons to not allow the capability.
- pending: Adyen is running the verification.
- invalid: The verification failed. Check if theerrorsarray contains more information.
- valid: The verification has been successfully completed.
- rejected: Adyen has verified the information, but found reasons to not allow the capability.
- active: The account holder is active and allowed to use its capabilities. This is the initial status for account holders and balance accounts. You can change this status tosuspendedorclosed.
- suspended: The account holder is temporarily disabled and payouts are blocked. You can change this status toactiveorclosed.
- closed: The account holder and all of its capabilities are permanently disabled. This is a final status and cannot be changed.

#### 400 - Bad Request

#### 401 - Unauthorized

#### 403 - Forbidden

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity

#### 500 - Internal Server Error