# Checkout/71/post/payments/details

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/71/post/payments/details*

---

# Submit details for a payment
Submits details for a payment created using/payments. This step is only needed when no final state has been reached on the/paymentsrequest, for example when the shopper was redirected to another page to complete the payment.
A unique identifier for the message with a maximum of 64 characters (we recommend a UUID).
Data for 3DS authentication.
Required to trigger theauthentication-only flow. If set totrue, you will only perform the 3D Secure 2 authentication, and will not proceed to the payment authorization.Default:false.
Use this collection to submit the details that were returned as a result of the/paymentscall.
A payment session identifier returned by the card issuer.
(3D) Payment Authentication Request data for the card issuer.
(3D) Payment Authentication Response data by the card issuer.
PayPal-generated token for recurring payments.
The SMS verification code collected from the shopper.
PayPal-generated third party access token.
A random number sent to the mobile phone number of the shopper to verify the payment.
PayPal-assigned ID for the order.
PayPal-assigned ID for the payer (shopper).
Payload appended to thereturnURLas a result of the redirect.
PayPal-generated ID for the payment.
Value passed from the WeChat MiniProgramwx.requestPaymentcompletecallback. Possible values: any value starting withrequestPayment:.
The result of the redirect as appended to thereturnURL.
Value you received from the WeChat Pay SDK.
The query string as appended to thereturnURLwhen using direct issuer links .
Base64-encoded string returned by the Component after the challenge flow. It contains the following parameters:transStatus,authorisationToken.
Base64-encoded string returned by the Component after the challenge flow. It contains the following parameter:transStatus.
Base64-encoded string returned by the Component after the challenge flow. It contains the following parameter:threeDSCompInd.
PayPalv2-generated token for recurring payments.
Encoded payment data. Forauthorizing a payment after using 3D Secure 2 Authentication-only:
If you receivedresultCode:AuthenticationNotRequiredin the/paymentsresponse, use thethreeDSPaymentDatafrom the same response.
If you receivedresultCode:AuthenticationFinishedin the/paymentsresponse, use theaction.paymentDatafrom the same response.
UseauthenticationData.authenticationOnlyinstead.
Change theauthenticationOnlyindicator originally set in the/paymentsrequest. Only needs to be set if you want to modify the value set previously.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessactionAction to be taken for completing the payment. When returned, only the 3D Secure action is needed in most cases.Select actionCheckoutThreeDS2ActionadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first: Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.Select additionalDataResponseAdditionalData3DSecureResponseAdditionalDataBillingAddressResponseAdditionalDataCardResponseAdditionalDataCommonResponseAdditionalDataDomesticErrorResponseAdditionalDataInstallmentsResponseAdditionalDataNetworkTokensResponseAdditionalDataOpiResponseAdditionalDataSepaResponseAdditionalDataSwishamountobjectAuthorised amount in the transaction.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.donationTokenstringDonation Token containing payment details for Adyen Giving.fraudResultobjectThe fraud result properties of the payment.Show childrenHide childrenaccountScoreintegerThe total fraud score generated by the risk checks.resultsarray[object]The result of the individual risk checks.Show childrenHide childrenaccountScoreintegerThe fraud score generated by the risk check.checkIdintegerThe ID of the risk check.namestringThe name of the risk check.merchantReferencestringThe reference used during the /payments request.orderobjectContains updated information regarding the order in case order information was provided in the request.Show childrenHide childrenamountobjectThe initial amount of the order.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.expiresAtstringThe expiry date for the order.orderDatastringThe encrypted order data.pspReferencestringThepspReferencethat belongs to the order.referencestringThe merchant reference for the order.remainingAmountobjectThe updated remaining amount.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.paymentMethodobjectDetails about the payment method used in the transaction.
Only returned ifresultCodeisAuthorised.Show childrenHide childrenbrandstringThe card brand that the shopper used to pay. Only returned ifpaymentMethod.typeisscheme.typestringThepaymentMethod.typevalue used in the request.paymentValidationsobjectThe object that contains the validation outcomes.
Only returned ifresultCodeisAuthorisedand if you have requested a payment validation in the request.Show childrenHide childrennameobjectObject that contains the status and outcomes of thename validation.Show childrenHide childrenrawResponseobjectContains the raw response(s) returned by the scheme for the name validation.Show childrenHide childrenfirstNamestringThe raw first name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. First name validation result is only returned for Visa.fullNamestringThe raw full name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. Full name is the only field that is validated for MastercardlastNamestringThe raw last name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. Last name validation result is only returned for Visa.middleNamestringThe raw middle name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. Middle name validation result is only returned for Visa.statusstringThe raw name validation status value that Adyen received from the scheme. Only returned for Visa.resultobjectContains the scheme-agnostic match values returned by Adyen.Show childrenHide childrenfirstNamestringInforms you if the first name your shopper provided matches the cardholder first name on file at the issuing bank. The first name is only validated for Visa. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchfullNamestringInforms you if the full name your shopper provided matches the cardholder name on file at the issuing bank. The full name is the only field that is validated for Mastercard. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchlastNamestringInforms you if the last name your shopper provided matches the cardholder last name on file at the issuing bank. The last name is only validated for Visa. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchmiddleNamestringInforms you if the middle name your shopper provided matches the cardholder middle name on file at the issuing bank. The middle name is only validated for Visa. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchstatusstringInforms you if the name validation was performed. Possible values:performed,notPerformed,notSupportedpspReferencestringAdyen's 16-character string reference associated with the transaction/request. This value is globally unique; quote it when communicating with us about this request.refusalReasonstringIf the payment's authorisation is refused or an error occurs during authorisation, this field holds Adyen's mapped reason for the refusal or a description of the error. When a transaction fails, the authorisation response includesresultCodeandrefusalReasonvalues.For more information, seeRefusal reasons.refusalReasonCodestringCode that specifies the refusal reason. For more information, seeAuthorisation refusal reasons.resultCodestringThe result of the payment. For more information, seeResult codes.Possible values:AuthenticationFinished– The payment has been successfully authenticated with 3D Secure 2. Returned for 3D Secure 2 authentication-only transactions.AuthenticationNotRequired– The transaction does not require 3D Secure authentication. Returned forstandalone authentication-only integrations.Authorised– The payment was successfully authorised. This state serves as an indicator to proceed with the delivery of goods and services. This is a final state.Cancelled– Indicates the payment has been cancelled (either by the shopper or the merchant) before processing was completed. This is a final state.ChallengeShopper– The issuer requires further shopper interaction before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.Error– There was an error when the payment was being processed. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.IdentifyShopper– The issuer requires the shopper's device fingerprint before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.PartiallyAuthorised– The payment has been authorised for a partial amount.
This happens for card payments when the merchant supports Partial Authorisations and the cardholder has insufficient funds.Pending– Indicates that it is not possible to obtain the final status of the payment. This can happen if the systems providing final status information for the payment are unavailable, or if the shopper needs to take further action to complete the payment.PresentToShopper– Indicates that the response contains additional information that you need to present to a shopper, so that they can use it to complete a payment.Received– Indicates the payment has successfully been received by Adyen, and will be processed. This is the initial state for all payments.RedirectShopper– Indicates the shopper should be redirected to an external web page or app to complete the authorisation.Refused– Indicates the payment was refused. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.shopperLocalestringThe shopperLocale.threeDS2ResponseDataobjectResponse of the 3D Secure 2 authentication.Show childrenHide childrenacsChallengeMandatedstringacsOperatorIDstringacsReferenceNumberstringacsSignedContentstringacsTransIDstringacsURLstringauthenticationTypestringcardHolderInfostringcavvAlgorithmstringchallengeIndicatorstringdsReferenceNumberstringdsTransIDstringexemptionIndicatorstringmessageVersionstringriskScorestringsdkEphemPubKeystringthreeDSServerTransIDstringtransStatusstringtransStatusReasonstringthreeDS2ResultobjectResult of the 3D Secure 2 authentication.Show childrenHide childrenauthenticationValuestringTheauthenticationValuevalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.cavvAlgorithmstringThe algorithm used by the ACS to calculate the authentication value, only for Cartes Bancaires integrations.challengeCancelstringIndicator informing the Access Control Server (ACS) and the Directory Server (DS) that the authentication has been cancelled. For possible values, refer to3D Secure API reference.dsTransIDstringThedsTransIDvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.ecistringTheecivalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.exemptionIndicatorstringIndicates the exemption type that was applied by the issuer to the authentication, if exemption applied.
Allowed values:lowValuesecureCorporatetrustedBeneficiarytransactionRiskAnalysismessageVersionstringThemessageVersionvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.riskScorestringRisk score calculated by Cartes Bancaires Directory Server (DS).threeDSRequestorChallengeIndstringIndicates whether a challenge is requested for this transaction. Possible values:01— No preference02— No challenge requested03— Challenge requested (3DS Requestor preference)04— Challenge requested (Mandate)05— No challenge (transactional risk analysis is already performed)06— Data OnlythreeDSServerTransIDstringThethreeDSServerTransIDvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.timestampstringThetimestampvalue of the 3D Secure 2 authentication.transStatusstringThetransStatusvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.transStatusReasonstringProvides information on why thetransStatusfield has the specified value. For possible values, refer toour docs.whiteListStatusstringThewhiteListStatusvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.threeDSPaymentDatastringWhen non-empty, contains a value that you must submit to the/payments/detailsendpoint aspaymentData.
- 400 - Bad RequestA problem reading or understanding the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.

#### 200 - OK
- AuthenticationFinished– The payment has been successfully authenticated with 3D Secure 2. Returned for 3D Secure 2 authentication-only transactions.
- AuthenticationNotRequired– The transaction does not require 3D Secure authentication. Returned forstandalone authentication-only integrations.
- Authorised– The payment was successfully authorised. This state serves as an indicator to proceed with the delivery of goods and services. This is a final state.
- Cancelled– Indicates the payment has been cancelled (either by the shopper or the merchant) before processing was completed. This is a final state.
- ChallengeShopper– The issuer requires further shopper interaction before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.
- Error– There was an error when the payment was being processed. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.
- IdentifyShopper– The issuer requires the shopper's device fingerprint before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.
- PartiallyAuthorised– The payment has been authorised for a partial amount.
This happens for card payments when the merchant supports Partial Authorisations and the cardholder has insufficient funds.
- Pending– Indicates that it is not possible to obtain the final status of the payment. This can happen if the systems providing final status information for the payment are unavailable, or if the shopper needs to take further action to complete the payment.
- PresentToShopper– Indicates that the response contains additional information that you need to present to a shopper, so that they can use it to complete a payment.
- Received– Indicates the payment has successfully been received by Adyen, and will be processed. This is the initial state for all payments.
- RedirectShopper– Indicates the shopper should be redirected to an external web page or app to complete the authorisation.
- Refused– Indicates the payment was refused. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.
- lowValue
- secureCorporate
- trustedBeneficiary
- transactionRiskAnalysis
- 01— No preference
- 02— No challenge requested
- 03— Challenge requested (3DS Requestor preference)
- 04— Challenge requested (Mandate)
- 05— No challenge (transactional risk analysis is already performed)
- 06— Data Only

#### 400 - Bad Request

#### 401 - Unauthorized

#### 403 - Forbidden

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity

#### 500 - Internal Server Error