# Checkout/71/get/storedPaymentMethods

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/71/get/storedPaymentMethods*

---

# Get tokens for stored payment details
Lists the tokens for stored payment details for the shopper identified in the path, if there are any available. The token ID can be used with payment requests for the shopper's payment. A summary of the stored details is included.
Your merchant account.
Your reference to uniquely identify this shopper, for example user ID or account ID. Minimum length: 3 characters.
Your reference must not include personally identifiable information (PII), for example name or email address.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessmerchantAccountstringYour merchant account.shopperReferencestringYour reference to uniquely identify this shopper, for example user ID or account ID. Minimum length: 3 characters.Your reference must not include personally identifiable information (PII), for example name or email address.storedPaymentMethodsarray[object]List of all stored payment methods.Show childrenHide childrenaliasstringThe alias of the credit card number.Applies only to recurring contracts storing credit card detailsaliasTypestringThe alias type of the credit card number.Applies only to recurring contracts storing credit card details.brandstringThe brand of the card.cardBinstringThe bank identification number (BIN) of the card.expiryMonthstringThe month the card expires.expiryYearstringThe last two digits of the year the card expires. For example,22for the year 2022.externalResponseCodestringThe response code returned by an external system (for example after a provisioning operation).externalTokenReferencestringThe token reference of a linked token in an external system (for example a network token reference).holderNamestringThe unique payment method code.ibanstringThe IBAN of the bank account.idstringA unique identifier of this stored payment method.issuerNamestringThe name of the issuer of token or card.lastFourstringThe last four digits of the PAN.mandateobjectMandate details for the stored payment method.Show childrenHide childrenaccountIdTypestringThe type of account identifier for the masked account number.amountstringThe billing amount (in minor units) of the recurring transactions.amountRulestringThe limitation rule of the billing amount.Possible values:max: The transaction amount can not exceed theamount.exact: The transaction amount should be the same as theamount.billingAttemptsRulestringThe rule to specify the period, within which the recurring debit can happen, relative to the mandate recurring date.Possible values:on: On a specific date.before:  Before and on a specific date.after: On and after a specific date.billingDaystringThe number of the day, on which the recurring debit can happen. Should be within the same calendar month as the mandate recurring date.Possible values: 1-31 based on thefrequency.countstringThe number of transactions that can be performed within the given frequency.currencystringThe three-characterISO currency code.endsAtstringEnd date of the billing plan, in YYYY-MM-DD format.frequencystringThe frequency with which a shopper should be charged.Possible values:adhoc,daily,weekly,biWeekly,monthly,quarterly,halfYearly,yearly.mandateIdstringThe unique identifier of the mandate.maskedAccountIdstringThe masked account number associated with the mandate.minAmountstringFor a billing plan where the payment amounts are variable, the minimum amount to charge the shopper for each recurring payment. When a shopper approves the billing plan, they can also specify a maximum amount in their banking app.providerIdstringThe provider-specific identifier for this mandate.recurringAmountstringFor a billing plan where the payment amount is fixed, the amount the shopper will be charged for each recurring payment.recurringStatementstringMax length:35The text that will be shown on the shopper's bank statement for the recurring payments. We recommend to add a descriptive text about the subscription to let your shoppers recognize your recurring payments.
Maximum length: 35 characters.remarksstringAdditional remarks or notes about the mandate.retryPolicystringWhen set to true, you can retry for failed recurring payments. The default value is true.startsAtstringStart date of the billing plan, in YYYY-MM-DD format. By default, the transaction date.statusstringThe status of the mandate. Examples : active, revoked, completed, expiredtxVariantstringThe transaction variant used for this mandate.namestringThe display name of the stored payment method.networkTxReferencestringReturned in the response if you are not tokenizing with Adyen and are using the Merchant-initiated transactions (MIT) framework from Mastercard or Visa.This contains either the Mastercard Trace ID or the Visa Transaction ID.ownerNamestringThe name of the bank account holder.shopperEmailstringThe shopper’s email address.shopperReferencestringMin length:3Max length:256Your reference to uniquely identify this shopper, for example user ID or account ID. The value is case-sensitive and must be at least three characters.Your reference must not include personally identifiable information (PII) such as name or email address.supportedRecurringProcessingModelsarray[string]Defines a recurring payment type.
Allowed values:Subscription– A transaction for a fixed or variable amount, which follows a fixed schedule.CardOnFile– With a card-on-file (CoF) transaction, card details are stored to enable one-click or omnichannel journeys, or simply to streamline the checkout process. Any subscription not following a fixed schedule is also considered a card-on-file transaction.UnscheduledCardOnFile– An unscheduled card-on-file (UCoF) transaction is a transaction that occurs on a non-fixed schedule and/or have variable amounts. For example, automatic top-ups when a cardholder's balance drops below a certain amount.typestringThe type of payment method.

#### 200 - OK
- max: The transaction amount can not exceed theamount.
- exact: The transaction amount should be the same as theamount.
- on: On a specific date.
- before:  Before and on a specific date.
- after: On and after a specific date.
- Subscription– A transaction for a fixed or variable amount, which follows a fixed schedule.
- CardOnFile– With a card-on-file (CoF) transaction, card details are stored to enable one-click or omnichannel journeys, or simply to streamline the checkout process. Any subscription not following a fixed schedule is also considered a card-on-file transaction.
- UnscheduledCardOnFile– An unscheduled card-on-file (UCoF) transaction is a transaction that occurs on a non-fixed schedule and/or have variable amounts. For example, automatic top-ups when a cardholder's balance drops below a certain amount.