# Checkout/71/post/donations

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/71/post/donations*

---

# Make a donation
Takes in the donation token generated by the/paymentsrequest and uses it to make the donation.
For more information, seeDonations.
A unique identifier for the message with a maximum of 64 characters (we recommend a UUID).
Shopper account information for 3D Secure 2.
For 3D Secure 2 transactions, we recommend that you include this object to increase the chances of achieving a frictionless flow.
Indicator for the length of time since this shopper account was created in the merchant's environment.
Allowed values:
- notApplicable
- thisTransaction
- lessThan30Days
- from30To60Days
- moreThan60Days
Date when the shopper's account was last changed.
Indicator for the length of time since the shopper's account was last updated.
Allowed values:
- thisTransaction
- lessThan30Days
- from30To60Days
- moreThan60Days
Date when the shopper's account was created.
Indicates the type of account. For example, for a multi-account card product.
Allowed values:
- notApplicable
- credit
- debit
Number of attempts the shopper tried to add a card to their account in the last day.
Date the selected delivery address was first used.
Indicator for the length of time since this delivery address was first used.
Allowed values:
- thisTransaction
- lessThan30Days
- from30To60Days
- moreThan60Days
UseThreeDS2RequestData.homePhoneinstead.
Shopper's home phone number (including the country code).
UseThreeDS2RequestData.mobilePhoneinstead.
Shopper's mobile phone number (including the country code).
Date when the shopper last changed their password.
Indicator when the shopper has changed their password.
Allowed values:
- notApplicable
- thisTransaction
- lessThan30Days
- from30To60Days
- moreThan60Days
Number of all transactions (successful and abandoned) from this shopper in the past 24 hours.
Number of all transactions (successful and abandoned) from this shopper in the past year.
Date this payment method was added to the shopper's account.
Indicator for the length of time since this payment method was added to this shopper's account.
Allowed values:
- notApplicable
- thisTransaction
- lessThan30Days
- from30To60Days
- moreThan60Days
Number of successful purchases in the last six months.
Whether suspicious activity was recorded on this account.
UseThreeDS2RequestData.workPhoneinstead.
Shopper's work phone number (including the country code).
This field contains additional data, which may be required for a particular payment request.
TheadditionalDataobject consists of entries, each of which includes the key and value.
The amount information for the transaction (inminor units). ForBIN or card verificationrequests, set amount to 0 (zero).
The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.
The numeric value of the amount, inminor units.
Information about your application. For more details, seeBuilding Adyen solutions.
Adyen-developed software, such as libraries and plugins, used to interact with the Adyen API. For example, Magento plugin, Java API library, etc.
Name of the field. For example, Name of External Platform.
Version of the field. For example, Version of External Platform.
Adyen-developed software to get payment details. For example, Checkout SDK, Secured Fields SDK, etc.
Name of the field. For example, Name of External Platform.
Version of the field. For example, Version of External Platform.
Third-party developed platform used to initiate payment requests. For example, Magento, Zuora, etc.
External platform integrator.
Name of the field. For example, Name of External Platform.
Version of the field. For example, Version of External Platform.
Merchant developed software, such as cashier application, used to interact with the Adyen API.
Name of the field. For example, Name of External Platform.
Version of the field. For example, Version of External Platform.
Merchant device information.
Operating system running on the merchant device.
Version of the operating system on the merchant device.
Merchant device reference.
Shopper interaction device, such as terminal, mobile device or web browser, to initiate payment requests.
Locale on the shopper interaction device.
Operating system running on the shopper interaction device.
Version of the operating system on the shopper interaction device.
Data for 3DS authentication.
Indicates when 3D Secure authentication should be attempted. This overrides all other rules, includingDynamic 3D Secure settings.
Possible values:
- always: Perform 3D Secure authentication.
- never: Don't perform 3D Secure authentication. If PSD2 SCA or other national regulations require authentication, the transaction gets declined.
Required to trigger theauthentication-only flow. If set totrue, you will only perform the 3D Secure 2 authentication, and will not proceed to the payment authorization.
Default:false.
Object with additional parameters for the 3D Secure authentication flow.
Dimensions of the 3DS2 challenge window to be displayed to the cardholder.
Possible values:
- 01- size of 250x400
- 02- size of 390x400
- 03- size of 500x600
- 04- size of 600x400
- 05- Fullscreen
Required to trigger thedata-only flow. When set totrue, forces the 3D Secure 2 data-only flow for all transactions where it is possible.
Indicates ifnative 3D Secure authenticationshould be triggered when available. Adyen can still select to fallback to the redirect flow to optimize authorization rates and improve the shopper's experience.
Possible values:
- preferred: Use native 3D Secure authentication when available.
- disabled: Use the redirect 3D Secure authentication flow.
The version of 3D Secure to use.
Possible values:
- 2.1.0
- 2.2.0
The address where to send the invoice.
ThebillingAddressobject is required in the following scenarios. Include all of the fields within this object.
- For 3D Secure 2 transactions in all browser-based and mobile implementations.
- For cross-border payouts to and from Canada.
The name of the city. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
The two-character ISO-3166-1 alpha-2 country code. For example,US.
If you don't know the country or are not collecting the country from the shopper, providecountryasZZ.
The number or name of the house. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
A maximum of five digits for an address in the US, or a maximum of ten characters for an address in all other countries.
The two-character ISO 3166-2 state or province code. For example,CAin the US orONin Canada.
Required for the US and Canada.
The name of the street. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
The house number should not be included in this field; it should be separately provided viahouseNumberOrName.
The shopper's browser information.
For 3D Secure, the full object is required for web integrations. For mobile app integrations, include theuserAgentandacceptHeaderfields to indicate  that your integration can support a redirect in case a payment is routed to 3D Secure 2 redirect.
The accept header value of the shopper's browser.
The color depth of the shopper's browser in bits per pixel. This should be obtained by using the browser'sscreen.colorDepthproperty. Accepted values: 1, 4, 8, 15, 16, 24, 30, 32 or 48 bit color depth.
Boolean value indicating if the shopper's browser is able to execute Java.
Boolean value indicating if the shopper's browser is able to execute JavaScript. A default 'true' value is assumed if the field is not present.
Thenavigator.languagevalue of the shopper's browser (as defined in IETF BCP 47).
The total height of the shopper's device screen in pixels.
The total width of the shopper's device screen in pixels.
Time difference between UTC time and the shopper's browser local time, in minutes.
The user agent value of the shopper's browser.
The platform where a payment transaction takes place. This field is optional for filtering out payment methods that are only available on specific platforms. If this value is not set, then we will try to infer it from thesdkVersionortoken.
Possible values:
- iOS
- Android
- Web
Checkout attempt ID that corresponds to the Id generated by the client SDK for tracking user payment journey.
UsecheckoutAttemptIdinstead
Conversion ID that corresponds to the Id generated by the client SDK for tracking user payment journey.
The shopper country code.
Format:ISO 3166-1 alpha-2Example: NL or DE
The shopper's date of birth.
FormatISO-8601: YYYY-MM-DD
The date and time the purchased goods should be delivered.
FormatISO 8601: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssTZD
Example: 2017-07-17T13:42:40.428+01:00
The address where the purchased goods should be delivered.
The name of the city. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
The two-character ISO-3166-1 alpha-2 country code. For example,US.
If you don't know the country or are not collecting the country from the shopper, providecountryasZZ.
The number or name of the house. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
A maximum of five digits for an address in the US, or a maximum of ten characters for an address in all other countries.
The two-character ISO 3166-2 state or province code. For example,CAin the US orONin Canada.
Required for the US and Canada.
The name of the street. Maximum length: 3000 characters.
The house number should not be included in this field; it should be separately provided viahouseNumberOrName.
A string containing the shopper's device fingerprint. For more information, refer toDevice fingerprinting.
Donation account to which the transaction is credited.
The donation campaign ID received in the/donationCampaignscall.
PSP reference of the transaction from which the donation token is generated. Required whendonationTokenis provided.
Donation token received in the/paymentscall.
Price and product information about the purchased items, to be included on the invoice sent to the shopper.
This field is required for 3x 4x Oney, Affirm, Afterpay, Clearpay, Klarna, Ratepay, and Riverty.
Item amount excluding the tax, inminor units.
Item amount including the tax, inminor units.
Brand of the item.
Color of the item.
Description of the line item.
ID of the line item.
Link to the picture of the purchased item.
Item category, used by the payment methods PayPal and Ratepay.
Manufacturer of the item.
Marketplace seller id.
Link to the purchased item.
Number of items.
Email associated with the given product in the basket (usually in electronic gift cards).
Size of the item.
Stock keeping unit.
Tax amount, inminor units.
Tax percentage, represented as abasis pointinteger. For example:
- 530for 5.3% (five point three percent)
- 2100for 21% (twenty-one percent)
Universal Product Code.
The merchant account identifier, with which you want to process the transaction.
Additional risk fields for 3D Secure 2.
For 3D Secure 2 transactions, we recommend that you include this object to increase the chances of achieving a frictionless flow.
Whether the chosen delivery address is identical to the billing address.
Indicator regarding the delivery address.
Allowed values:
- shipToBillingAddress
- shipToVerifiedAddress
- shipToNewAddress
- shipToStore
- digitalGoods
- goodsNotShipped
- other
UsedeliveryEmailAddressinstead.
The delivery email address (for digital goods).
For Electronic delivery, the email address to which the merchandise was delivered. Maximum length: 254 characters.
The estimated delivery time for the shopper to receive the goods.
Allowed values:
- electronicDelivery
- sameDayShipping
- overnightShipping
- twoOrMoreDaysShipping
For prepaid or gift card purchase, the purchase amount total of prepaid or gift card(s).
The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.
The numeric value of the amount, inminor units.
For prepaid or gift card purchase, total count of individual prepaid or gift cards/codes purchased.
For prepaid or gift card purchase,ISO 4217three-digit currency code of the gift card, other than those listed in Table A.5 of the EMVCo 3D Secure Protocol and Core Functions Specification.
For pre-order purchases, the expected date this product will be available to the shopper.
Indicator for whether this transaction is for pre-ordering a product.
Indicates whether Cardholder is placing an order for merchandise with a future availability or release date.
Indicator for whether the shopper has already purchased the same items in the past.
Indicates whether the cardholder is reordering previously purchased merchandise.
Indicates shipping method chosen for the transaction.
Metadata consists of entries, each of which includes a key and a value.
Limits:
- Maximum 20 key-value pairs per request. When exceeding, the "177" error occurs: "Metadata size exceeds limit".
- Maximum 20 characters per key.
- Maximum 80 characters per value.
Authentication data produced by an MPI (Mastercard SecureCode, Visa Secure, or Cartes Bancaires).
In 3D Secure 2, this is thetransStatusfrom the challenge result. If the transaction was frictionless, omit this parameter.
The cardholder authentication value (base64 encoded, 20 bytes in a decoded form).
The CAVV algorithm used. Include this only for 3D Secure 1.
Indicator informing the Access Control Server (ACS) and the Directory Server (DS) that the authentication has been cancelled. For possible values, refer to3D Secure API reference.
In 3D Secure 2, this is thetransStatusfrom theARes.
Supported for 3D Secure 2. The unique transaction identifier assigned by the Directory Server (DS) to identify a single transaction.
The electronic commerce indicator.
Risk score calculated by Directory Server (DS). Required for Cartes Bancaires integrations.
The version of the 3D Secure protocol.
Network token authentication verification value (TAVV). The network token cryptogram.
Provides information on why thetransStatusfield has the specified value. For possible values, refer toour docs.
Supported for 3D Secure 1. The transaction identifier (Base64-encoded, 20 bytes in a decoded form).
Required for browser-based (channelWeb) 3D Secure 2 transactions.Set this to the origin URL of the page where you are rendering the Drop-in/Component. Do not include subdirectories and a trailing slash.
The type and required details of a payment method to use.
WhendonationTokenis provided, the payment method is derived from the token and this field becomes optional.
If you arePCI compliant, and make donations using raw card details, you must explicitly provide the payment method details.
Defines a recurring payment type. Required when creating a token to store payment details or using stored payment details.
Allowed values:
- Subscription– A transaction for a fixed or variable amount, which follows a fixed schedule.
- CardOnFile– With a card-on-file (CoF) transaction, card details are stored to enable one-click or omnichannel journeys, or simply to streamline the checkout process. Any subscription not following a fixed schedule is also considered a card-on-file transaction.
- UnscheduledCardOnFile– An unscheduled card-on-file (UCoF) transaction is a transaction that occurs on a non-fixed schedule and/or have variable amounts. For example, automatic top-ups when a cardholder's balance drops below a certain amount.
Specifies the redirect method (GET or POST) when redirecting back from the issuer.
Specifies the redirect method (GET or POST) when redirecting to the issuer.
The reference to uniquely identify a payment. This reference is used in all communication with you about the payment status. We recommend using a unique value per payment; however, it is not a requirement.
If you need to provide multiple references for a transaction, separate them with hyphens ("-").
Maximum length: 80 characters.
The URL to return to in case of a redirection.
The format depends on the channel.
- For web, include the protocolhttp://orhttps://. You can also include your own additional query parameters, for example, shopper ID or order reference number.
Example:https://your-company.example.com/checkout?shopperOrder=12xy
- For iOS, use the custom URL for your app. To know more about setting custom URL schemes, refer to theApple Developer documentation.
Example:my-app://
- For Android, use a custom URL handled by an Activity on your app. You can configure it with anintent filter.
Example:my-app://your.package.name
If the URL to return to includes non-ASCII characters, like spaces or special letters, URL encode the value.
We strongly recommend that you use a maximum of 1024 characters.
The URL must not include personally identifiable information (PII), for example name or email address.
The date and time until when the session remains valid, inISO 8601format.
For example: 2020-07-18T15:42:40.428+01:00
The shopper's email address. We recommend that you provide this data, as it is used in velocity fraud checks. > Required for Visa and JCB transactions that require 3D Secure 2 authentication if you did not include thetelephoneNumber.
The shopper's IP address. We recommend that you provide this data, as it is used in a number of risk checks (for instance, number of payment attempts or location-based checks).
Required for Visa and JCB transactions that require 3D Secure 2 authentication for all web and mobile integrations, if you did not include theshopperEmail. For native mobile integrations, the field is required to support cases where authentication is routed to the redirect flow. This field is also mandatory for some merchants depending on your business model. For more information,contact Support.
Specifies the sales channel, through which the shopper gives their card details, and whether the shopper is a returning customer.
For the web service API, Adyen assumes Ecommerce shopper interaction by default.
This field has the following possible values:
- Ecommerce- Online transactions where the cardholder is present (online). For better authorization rates, we recommend sending the card security code (CSC) along with the request.
- ContAuth- Card on file and/or subscription transactions, where the cardholder is known to the merchant (returning customer). If the shopper is present (online), you can supply also the CSC to improve authorization (one-click payment).
- Moto- Mail-order and telephone-order transactions where the shopper is in contact with the merchant via email or telephone.
- POS- Point-of-sale transactions where the shopper is physically present to make a payment using a secure payment terminal.
The combination of a language code and a country code to specify the language to be used in the payment.
The shopper's full name.
The first name.
The last name.
Required for recurring payments.
Your reference to uniquely identify this shopper, for example user ID or account ID. Minimum length: 3 characters.
Your reference must not include personally identifiable information (PII), for example name or email address.
The shopper's social security number.
Required for Adyen for Platforms integrations if you are a platform model. This is yourreference(onbalance platform) or thestoreReference(in theclassic integration) for the ecommerce or point-of-sale store that is processing the payment.
The shopper's telephone number.
The phone number must include a plus sign (+) and a country code (1-3 digits), followed by the number (4-15 digits). If the value you provide does not follow the guidelines, we do not submit it for authentication.
Required for Visa and JCB transactions that require 3D Secure 2 authentication, if you did not include theshopperEmail.
Request fields for 3D Secure 2. To check if any of the following fields are required for your integration, refer toOnline paymentsorClassic integrationdocumentation.
Additional information about the cardholder’s account provided by the 3DS Requestor.
Length of time that the cardholder has had the account with the 3DS Requestor.
Allowed values:
- 01— No account
- 02— Created during this transaction
- 03— Less than 30 days
- 04— 30–60 days
- 05— More than 60 days
Date that the cardholder’s account with the 3DS Requestor was last changed, including Billing or Shipping address, new payment account, or new user(s) added.
Format:YYYYMMDD
Length of time since the cardholder’s account information with the 3DS Requestor was last changed, including Billing or Shipping address, new payment account, or new user(s) added.
Allowed values:
- 01— Changed during this transaction
- 02— Less than 30 days
- 03— 30–60 days
- 04— More than 60 days
Date that cardholder’s account with the 3DS Requestor had a password change or account reset.
Format:YYYYMMDD
Indicates the length of time since the cardholder’s account with the 3DS Requestor had a password change or account reset.
Allowed values:
- 01— No change
- 02— Changed during this transaction
- 03— Less than 30 days
- 04— 30–60 days
- 05— More than 60 days
Date that the cardholder opened the account with the 3DS Requestor.
Format:YYYYMMDD
Number of purchases with this cardholder account during the previous six months. Max length: 4 characters.
String that the payment account was enrolled in the cardholder’s account with the 3DS Requestor.
Format:YYYYMMDD
Indicates the length of time that the payment account was enrolled in the cardholder’s account with the 3DS Requestor.
Allowed values:
- 01— No account (guest checkout)
- 02— During this transaction
- 03— Less than 30 days
- 04— 30–60 days
- 05— More than 60 days
Number of Add Card attempts in the last 24 hours. Max length: 3 characters.
String when the shipping address used for this transaction was first used with the 3DS Requestor.
Format:YYYYMMDD
Indicates when the shipping address used for this transaction was first used with the 3DS Requestor.
Allowed values:
- 01— This transaction
- 02— Less than 30 days
- 03— 30–60 days
- 04— More than 60 days
Indicates if the Cardholder Name on the account is identical to the shipping Name used for this transaction.
Allowed values:
- 01— Account Name identical to shipping Name
- 02— Account Name different to shipping Name
Indicates whether the 3DS Requestor has experienced suspicious activity (including previous fraud) on the cardholder account.
Allowed values:
- 01— No suspicious activity has been observed
- 02— Suspicious activity has been observed
Number of transactions (successful and abandoned) for this cardholder account with the 3DS Requestor across all payment accounts in the previous 24 hours. Max length: 3 characters.
Number of transactions (successful and abandoned) for this cardholder account with the 3DS Requestor across all payment accounts in the previous year. Max length: 3 characters.
Indicates the type of account. For example, for a multi-account card product. Length: 2 characters. Allowed values:
- 01— Not applicable
- 02— Credit
- 03— Debit
Required forauthentication-only integration. The acquiring BIN enrolled for 3D Secure 2. This string should match the value that you will use in the authorisation. Use 123456 on the Test platform.
Required forauthentication-only integration. The merchantId that is enrolled for 3D Secure 2 by the merchant's acquirer. This string should match the value that you will use in the authorisation. Use 123456 on the Test platform.
Indicates whether the cardholder shipping Address and cardholder billing address are the same. Allowed values:
- Y— Shipping Address matches Billing Address.
- N— Shipping Address does not match Billing Address.
- If your version is between 50 and 69, usethreeDSAuthenticationOnlyinstead.
- If your version is 70 or later, useauthenticationData.authenticationOnlyinstead.
If set to true, you will only perform the3D Secure 2 authentication, and not the payment authorisation.
UsethreeDSRequestorChallengeIndinstead.
Possibility to specify a preference for receiving a challenge from the issuer.
Allowed values:
- noPreference
- requestNoChallenge
- requestChallenge
- requestChallengeAsMandate
Display options for the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
Optional and only fordeviceChannelapp.
Supported SDK interface types.
Allowed values:
- native
- html
- both
UI types supported for displaying specific challenges.
Allowed values:
- text
- singleSelect
- outOfBand
- otherHtml
- multiSelect
The home phone number provided by the cardholder. The phone number must consist of a country code, followed by the number. If the value you provide does not follow the guidelines, we do not submit it for authentication.
Required for Visa and JCB transactions that require 3D Secure 2 authentication, if you did not include theshopperEmail, and did not send the shopper's phone number intelephoneNumber.
Country code. Length: 1–3 digits.
Subscriber number. Length: 4-15  digits.
Required for merchants that have been enrolled for 3D Secure 2 by another party than Adyen, mostlyauthentication-only integrations. Themccis a four-digit code with which the previously givenacquirerMerchantIDis registered at the scheme.
Required forauthentication-only integration. The merchant name that the issuer presents to the shopper if they get a challenge. We recommend to use the same value that you will use in the authorization. Maximum length is 40 characters.
Optional for afull 3D Secure 2 integration. Use this field if you are enrolled for 3D Secure 2 with us and want to override the merchant name already configured on your account.
ThemessageVersionvalue indicating the 3D Secure 2 protocol version.
The mobile phone number provided by the cardholder. The phone number must consist of a country code, followed by the number. If the value you provide does not follow the guidelines, we do not submit it for authentication.
Required for Visa and JCB transactions that require 3D Secure 2 authentication, if you did not include theshopperEmail, and did not send the shopper's phone number intelephoneNumber.
Country code. Length: 1–3 digits.
Subscriber number. Length: 4-15  digits.
URL to where the issuer should send theCRes. Required if you are not using components forchannelWebor if you are using classic integrationdeviceChannelbrowser.
Valuetrueindicates that the transaction was de-tokenised prior to being received by the ACS.
Indicates the type of payment for which an authentication is requested (message extension)
Indicates the maximum number of authorisations permitted for instalment payments. Length: 1–3 characters.
Date after which no further authorisations shall be performed. Format: YYYYMMDD
Indicates the minimum number of days between authorisations. Maximum length: 4 characters.
ThesdkAppIDvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
ThesdkEphemPubKeyvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
Thecrvvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
Thektyvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
Thexvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
Theyvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
The maximum amount of time in minutes for the 3D Secure 2 authentication process.
Optional and only fordeviceChannelset toapp. Defaults to60minutes.
ThesdkReferenceNumbervalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
ThesdkTransIDvalue as received from the 3D Secure 2 SDK.
Completion indicator for the device fingerprinting.
Indicates the type of Authentication request.
Information about how the 3DS Requestor authenticated the cardholder before or during the transaction
Data that documents and supports a specific authentication process. Maximum length: 2048 bytes.
Mechanism used by the Cardholder to authenticate to the 3DS Requestor. Allowed values:
- 01— No 3DS Requestor authentication occurred (for example, cardholder “logged in” as guest).
- 02— Login to the cardholder account at the 3DS Requestor system using 3DS Requestor’s own credentials.
- 03— Login to the cardholder account at the 3DS Requestor system using federated ID.
- 04— Login to the cardholder account at the 3DS Requestor system using issuer credentials.
- 05— Login to the cardholder account at the 3DS Requestor system using third-party authentication.
- 06— Login to the cardholder account at the 3DS Requestor system using FIDO Authenticator.
Date and time in UTC of the cardholder authentication. Format: YYYYMMDDHHMM
Indicates whether a challenge is requested for this transaction. Possible values:
- 01— No preference
- 02— No challenge requested
- 03— Challenge requested (3DS Requestor preference)
- 04— Challenge requested (Mandate)
- 05— No challenge (transactional risk analysis is already performed)
- 06— Data Only
Required forauthentication-only integrationfor Visa. Unique 3D Secure requestor identifier assigned by the Directory Server when you enrol for 3D Secure 2.
Required forauthentication-only integrationfor Visa. Unique 3D Secure requestor name assigned by the Directory Server when you enrol for 3D Secure 2.
Information about how the 3DS Requestor authenticated the cardholder as part of a previous 3DS transaction.
Data that documents and supports a specific authentication process. Maximum length: 2048 bytes.
Mechanism used by the Cardholder to previously authenticate to the 3DS Requestor. Allowed values:
- 01— Frictionless authentication occurred by ACS.
- 02— Cardholder challenge occurred by ACS.
- 03— AVS verified.
- 04— Other issuer methods.
Date and time in UTC of the prior cardholder authentication. Format: YYYYMMDDHHMM
This data element provides additional information to the ACS to determine the best approach for handing a request. This data element contains an ACS Transaction ID for a prior authenticated transaction. For example, the first recurring transaction that was authenticated with the cardholder. Length: 30 characters.
URL of the (customer service) website that will be shown to the shopper in case of technical errors during the 3D Secure 2 process.
Identifies the type of transaction being authenticated. Length: 2 characters. Allowed values:
- 01— Goods/Service Purchase
- 03— Check Acceptance
- 10— Account Funding
- 11— Quasi-Cash Transaction
- 28— Prepaid Activation and Load
Identify the type of the transaction being authenticated.
ThewhiteListStatusvalue returned from a previous 3D Secure 2 transaction, only applicable for 3D Secure 2 protocol version 2.2.0.
The work phone number provided by the cardholder. The phone number must consist of a country code, followed by the number. If the value you provide does not follow the guidelines, we do not submit it for authentication.
Required for Visa and JCB transactions that require 3D Secure 2 authentication, if you did not include theshopperEmail, and did not send the shopper's phone number intelephoneNumber.
Country code. Length: 1–3 digits.
Subscriber number. Length: 4-15  digits.
UseauthenticationData.authenticationOnlyinstead.
Required to trigger theauthentication-only flow. If set totrue, you will only perform the 3D Secure 2 authentication, and will not proceed to the payment authorization.Default:false.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessamountobjectAuthorised amount in the transaction.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.donationAccountstringThe Adyen account name of your charity. We will provide you with this account name once your chosen charity has beenonboarded.idstringYour unique resource identifier.merchantAccountstringThe merchant account identifier, with which you want to process the transaction.paymentobjectAction to be taken for completing the payment.Show childrenHide childrenactionAction to be taken for completing the payment.Select actionCheckoutAwaitActionCheckoutBankTransferActionCheckoutDelegatedAuthenticationActionCheckoutNativeRedirectActionCheckoutQrCodeActionCheckoutRedirectActionCheckoutSDKActionCheckoutThreeDS2ActionCheckoutVoucherActionadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first: Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.Select additionalDataResponseAdditionalData3DSecureResponseAdditionalDataBillingAddressResponseAdditionalDataCardResponseAdditionalDataCommonResponseAdditionalDataDomesticErrorResponseAdditionalDataInstallmentsResponseAdditionalDataNetworkTokensResponseAdditionalDataOpiResponseAdditionalDataSepaResponseAdditionalDataSwishamountobjectAuthorised amount in the transaction.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.donationTokenstringDonation Token containing payment details for Adyen Giving.fraudResultobjectThe fraud result properties of the payment.Show childrenHide childrenaccountScoreintegerThe total fraud score generated by the risk checks.resultsarray[object]The result of the individual risk checks.Show childrenHide childrenaccountScoreintegerThe fraud score generated by the risk check.checkIdintegerThe ID of the risk check.namestringThe name of the risk check.merchantReferencestringThe reference to uniquely identify a payment. This reference is used in all communication with you about the payment status. We recommend using a unique value per payment; however, it is not a requirement.
If you need to provide multiple references for a transaction, separate them with hyphens ("-").
Maximum length: 80 characters.orderobjectContains updated information regarding the order in case order information was provided in the request.Show childrenHide childrenamountobjectThe initial amount of the order.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.expiresAtstringThe expiry date for the order.orderDatastringThe encrypted order data.pspReferencestringThepspReferencethat belongs to the order.referencestringThe merchant reference for the order.remainingAmountobjectThe updated remaining amount.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.paymentMethodobjectDetails about the payment method used in the transaction.
Only returned ifresultCodeisAuthorised.Show childrenHide childrenbrandstringThe card brand that the shopper used to pay. Only returned ifpaymentMethod.typeisscheme.typestringThepaymentMethod.typevalue used in the request.paymentValidationsobjectThe object that contains the validation outcomes.
Only returned ifresultCodeisAuthorisedand if you have requested a payment validation in the request.Show childrenHide childrennameobjectObject that contains the status and outcomes of thename validation.Show childrenHide childrenrawResponseobjectContains the raw response(s) returned by the scheme for the name validation.Show childrenHide childrenfirstNamestringThe raw first name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. First name validation result is only returned for Visa.fullNamestringThe raw full name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. Full name is the only field that is validated for MastercardlastNamestringThe raw last name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. Last name validation result is only returned for Visa.middleNamestringThe raw middle name validation result that Adyen received from the scheme. Middle name validation result is only returned for Visa.statusstringThe raw name validation status value that Adyen received from the scheme. Only returned for Visa.resultobjectContains the scheme-agnostic match values returned by Adyen.Show childrenHide childrenfirstNamestringInforms you if the first name your shopper provided matches the cardholder first name on file at the issuing bank. The first name is only validated for Visa. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchfullNamestringInforms you if the full name your shopper provided matches the cardholder name on file at the issuing bank. The full name is the only field that is validated for Mastercard. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchlastNamestringInforms you if the last name your shopper provided matches the cardholder last name on file at the issuing bank. The last name is only validated for Visa. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchmiddleNamestringInforms you if the middle name your shopper provided matches the cardholder middle name on file at the issuing bank. The middle name is only validated for Visa. Possible values:match,partialMatch,noMatchstatusstringInforms you if the name validation was performed. Possible values:performed,notPerformed,notSupportedpspReferencestringAdyen's 16-character string reference associated with the transaction/request. This value is globally unique; quote it when communicating with us about this request.For payment methods that require a redirect or additional action, you will get this value in the/payments/detailsresponse.refusalReasonstringIf the payment's authorisation is refused or an error occurs during authorisation, this field holds Adyen's mapped reason for the refusal or a description of the error. When a transaction fails, the authorisation response includesresultCodeandrefusalReasonvalues.For more information, seeRefusal reasons.refusalReasonCodestringCode that specifies the refusal reason. For more information, seeAuthorisation refusal reasons.resultCodestringThe result of the payment. For more information, seeResult codes.Possible values:AuthenticationFinished– The payment has been successfully authenticated with 3D Secure 2. Returned for 3D Secure 2 authentication-only transactions.AuthenticationNotRequired– The transaction does not require 3D Secure authentication. Returned forstandalone authentication-only integrations.Authorised– The payment was successfully authorised. This state serves as an indicator to proceed with the delivery of goods and services. This is a final state.Cancelled– Indicates the payment has been cancelled (either by the shopper or the merchant) before processing was completed. This is a final state.ChallengeShopper– The issuer requires further shopper interaction before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.Error– There was an error when the payment was being processed. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.IdentifyShopper– The issuer requires the shopper's device fingerprint before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.PartiallyAuthorised– The payment has been authorised for a partial amount.
This happens for card payments when the merchant supports Partial Authorisations and the cardholder has insufficient funds.Pending– Indicates that it is not possible to obtain the final status of the payment. This can happen if the systems providing final status information for the payment are unavailable, or if the shopper needs to take further action to complete the payment.PresentToShopper– Indicates that the response contains additional information that you need to present to a shopper, so that they can use it to complete a payment.Received– Indicates the payment has successfully been received by Adyen, and will be processed. This is the initial state for all payments.RedirectShopper– Indicates the shopper should be redirected to an external web page or app to complete the authorisation.Refused– Indicates the payment was refused. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.threeDS2ResponseDataobjectResponse of the 3D Secure 2 authentication.Show childrenHide childrenacsChallengeMandatedstringacsOperatorIDstringacsReferenceNumberstringacsSignedContentstringacsTransIDstringacsURLstringauthenticationTypestringcardHolderInfostringcavvAlgorithmstringchallengeIndicatorstringdsReferenceNumberstringdsTransIDstringexemptionIndicatorstringmessageVersionstringriskScorestringsdkEphemPubKeystringthreeDSServerTransIDstringtransStatusstringtransStatusReasonstringthreeDS2ResultobjectResult of the 3D Secure 2 authentication.Show childrenHide childrenauthenticationValuestringTheauthenticationValuevalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.cavvAlgorithmstringThe algorithm used by the ACS to calculate the authentication value, only for Cartes Bancaires integrations.challengeCancelstringIndicator informing the Access Control Server (ACS) and the Directory Server (DS) that the authentication has been cancelled. For possible values, refer to3D Secure API reference.dsTransIDstringThedsTransIDvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.ecistringTheecivalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.exemptionIndicatorstringIndicates the exemption type that was applied by the issuer to the authentication, if exemption applied.
Allowed values:lowValuesecureCorporatetrustedBeneficiarytransactionRiskAnalysismessageVersionstringThemessageVersionvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.riskScorestringRisk score calculated by Cartes Bancaires Directory Server (DS).threeDSRequestorChallengeIndstringIndicates whether a challenge is requested for this transaction. Possible values:01— No preference02— No challenge requested03— Challenge requested (3DS Requestor preference)04— Challenge requested (Mandate)05— No challenge (transactional risk analysis is already performed)06— Data OnlythreeDSServerTransIDstringThethreeDSServerTransIDvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.timestampstringThetimestampvalue of the 3D Secure 2 authentication.transStatusstringThetransStatusvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.transStatusReasonstringProvides information on why thetransStatusfield has the specified value. For possible values, refer toour docs.whiteListStatusstringThewhiteListStatusvalue as defined in the 3D Secure 2 specification.threeDSPaymentDatastringWhen non-empty, contains a value that you must submit to the/payments/detailsendpoint aspaymentData.referencestringThe reference to uniquely identify a payment. This reference is used in all communication with you about the payment status. We recommend using a unique value per payment; however, it is not a requirement. If you need to provide multiple references for a transaction, separate them with hyphens ("-"). Maximum length: 80 characters.statusstringThe status of the donation transaction.Possible values:completedpendingrefused
- 400 - Bad RequestA problem reading or understanding the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.

#### 200 - OK
- AuthenticationFinished– The payment has been successfully authenticated with 3D Secure 2. Returned for 3D Secure 2 authentication-only transactions.
- AuthenticationNotRequired– The transaction does not require 3D Secure authentication. Returned forstandalone authentication-only integrations.
- Authorised– The payment was successfully authorised. This state serves as an indicator to proceed with the delivery of goods and services. This is a final state.
- Cancelled– Indicates the payment has been cancelled (either by the shopper or the merchant) before processing was completed. This is a final state.
- ChallengeShopper– The issuer requires further shopper interaction before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.
- Error– There was an error when the payment was being processed. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.
- IdentifyShopper– The issuer requires the shopper's device fingerprint before the payment can be authenticated. Returned for 3D Secure 2 transactions.
- PartiallyAuthorised– The payment has been authorised for a partial amount.
This happens for card payments when the merchant supports Partial Authorisations and the cardholder has insufficient funds.
- Pending– Indicates that it is not possible to obtain the final status of the payment. This can happen if the systems providing final status information for the payment are unavailable, or if the shopper needs to take further action to complete the payment.
- PresentToShopper– Indicates that the response contains additional information that you need to present to a shopper, so that they can use it to complete a payment.
- Received– Indicates the payment has successfully been received by Adyen, and will be processed. This is the initial state for all payments.
- RedirectShopper– Indicates the shopper should be redirected to an external web page or app to complete the authorisation.
- Refused– Indicates the payment was refused. The reason is given in therefusalReasonfield. This is a final state.
- lowValue
- secureCorporate
- trustedBeneficiary
- transactionRiskAnalysis
- 01— No preference
- 02— No challenge requested
- 03— Challenge requested (3DS Requestor preference)
- 04— Challenge requested (Mandate)
- 05— No challenge (transactional risk analysis is already performed)
- 06— Data Only
- completed
- pending
- refused

#### 400 - Bad Request

#### 401 - Unauthorized

#### 403 - Forbidden

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity

#### 500 - Internal Server Error