# Checkout/71/post/orders

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/71/post/orders*

---

# Create an order
Creates an order to be used for partial payments. Make a POST/orderscall before making a/paymentscall when processing payments with different payment methods.
A unique identifier for the message with a maximum of 64 characters (we recommend a UUID).
The total amount of the order.
The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.
The numeric value of the amount, inminor units.
The date when the order should expire. If not provided, the default expiry duration is 1 day.
ISO 8601format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss+TZD, for example,2020-12-18T10:15:30+01:00.
The merchant account identifier, with which you want to process the order.
A custom reference identifying the order.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first: Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.Select additionalDataResponseAdditionalData3DSecureResponseAdditionalDataBillingAddressResponseAdditionalDataCardResponseAdditionalDataCommonResponseAdditionalDataDomesticErrorResponseAdditionalDataInstallmentsResponseAdditionalDataNetworkTokensResponseAdditionalDataOpiResponseAdditionalDataSepaResponseAdditionalDataSwishamountobjectThe initial amount of the order.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.expiresAtstringThe date that the order will expire.fraudResultobjectThe fraud result properties of the payment.Show childrenHide childrenaccountScoreintegerThe total fraud score generated by the risk checks.resultsarray[object]The result of the individual risk checks.Show childrenHide childrenaccountScoreintegerThe fraud score generated by the risk check.checkIdintegerThe ID of the risk check.namestringThe name of the risk check.orderDatastringThe encrypted data that will be used by merchant for adding payments to the order.pspReferencestringAdyen's 16-character reference associated with the transaction/request. This value is globally unique; quote it when communicating with us about this request.referencestringThe reference provided by merchant for creating the order.refusalReasonstringIf the payment's authorisation is refused or an error occurs during authorisation, this field holds Adyen's mapped reason for the refusal or a description of the error. When a transaction fails, the authorisation response includesresultCodeandrefusalReasonvalues.For more information, seeRefusal reasons.remainingAmountobjectThe remaining amount in the order.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.resultCodestringThe result of the order creation request.
The value is alwaysSuccess.
- 400 - Bad RequestA problem reading or understanding the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lessadditionalDataobjectContains additional information about the payment. Some data fields are included only if you select them first. Go toCustomer Area>Developers>Additional data.errorCodestringThe error code mapped to the error message.errorTypestringThe category of the error.messagestringA short explanation of the issue.pspReferencestringThe PSP reference of the payment.statusintegerThe HTTP response status.

#### 200 - OK

#### 400 - Bad Request

#### 401 - Unauthorized

#### 403 - Forbidden

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity

#### 500 - Internal Server Error