# transfers/4/get/transfers

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/transfers/4/get/transfers*

---

# Get all transfers
Returns all the transfers related to a balance account, account holder, or balance platform.
When making this request, you must include at least one of the following:
- balanceAccountId
- accountHolderId
- balancePlatform.
This endpoint supports cursor-based pagination. The response returns the first page of results, and returns links to the next and previous pages when applicable. You can use the links to page through the results.
The number of items returned per page, maximum of 100 items. By default, the response returns 10 items per page.
Thecursorreturned in the links of the previous response.
Determines the sort order of the returned transfers. The sort order is based on the creation date of the transfers.
Possible values:
- asc: Ascending order, from oldest to most recent.
- desc: Descending order, from most recent to oldest.
Default value:asc.
Only include transfers that have been created on or before this point in time. The value must be in ISO 8601 format and not later than 6 months after thecreatedSincedate. For example,2021-05-30T15:07:40Z.
Only include transfers that have been created on or after this point in time. The value must be in ISO 8601 format and not earlier than 6 months before thecreatedUntildate. For example,2021-05-30T15:07:40Z.
The type of transfer.
Possible values:
- bank: Transfer to atransfer instrumentor a bank account.
- internal: Transfer to anotherbalance accountwithin your platform.
- issuedCard: Transfer initiated by a Adyen-issued card.
- platformPayment: Fund movements related to payments that are acquired for your users.
The reference you provided in the POST/transfersrequest
The unique identifier of thepayment instrument.
To use this parameter, you must also provide abalanceAccountId,accountHolderId, orbalancePlatform.
ThepaymentInstrumentIdmust be related to thebalanceAccountIdoraccountHolderIdthat you provide.
The unique identifier of thebalance account.
Required if you don't provide anaccountHolderIdorbalancePlatform.
If you provide anaccountHolderId, thebalanceAccountIdmust be related to theaccountHolderId.
The unique identifier of theaccount holder.
Required if you don't provide abalanceAccountIdorbalancePlatform.
If you provide abalanceAccountId, theaccountHolderIdmust be related to thebalanceAccountId.
The unique identifier of thebalance platform.
Required if you don't provide abalanceAccountIdoraccountHolderId.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow less_linksobjectContains links to the next and previous page whenever applicable.Show childrenHide childrennextobjectContains a link to the next page.Show childrenHide childrenhrefstringThe link to the resource.prevobjectContains a link to the previous page.Show childrenHide childrenhrefstringThe link to the resource.dataarray[object]Contains the transfers that match the query parameters.Show childrenHide childrenaccountHolderobjectThe account holder associated with the balance account involved in the transfer.Show childrenHide childrendescriptionstringThe description of the resource.idstringThe unique identifier of the resource.referencestringThe reference for the resource.amountobjectThe amount of the transfer.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.balanceAccountobjectContains information about the balance account involved in the transfer.Show childrenHide childrendescriptionstringThe description of the resource.idstringThe unique identifier of the resource.referencestringThe reference for the resource.balancePlatformstringThe unique identifier of the balance platform.balancesarray[object]The list of the latest balance statuses in the transfer.Show childrenHide childrenbalanceintegerThe amount in the payment's currency that is debited or credited on the balance accounting register.currencystringThe three-characterISO currency code.receivedintegerThe amount in the payment's currency that is debited or credited on the received accounting register.reservedintegerThe amount in the payment's currency that is debited or credited on the reserved accounting register.categorystringThe category of the transfer.Possible values:bank: A transfer involving atransfer instrumentor a bank account.card: A transfer involving a third-party card.internal: A transfer betweenbalance accountswithin your platform.issuedCard: A transfer initiated by an Adyen-issued card.platformPayment: Funds movements related to payments that are acquired for your users.topUp: An incoming transfer initiated by your user to top up their balance account.categoryDataThe relevant data according to the transfer category.Select categoryDataBankCategoryDataInternalCategoryDataIssuedCardPlatformPaymentcounterpartyobjectThe other party in the transfer.Show childrenHide childrenbalanceAccountIdstringThe unique identifier of the counterpartybalance account.bankAccountobjectContains information about the counterparty bank account.Show childrenHide childrenaccountHolderobjectInformation about the owner of the bank account.Show childrenHide childrenaddressobjectThe address of the bank account or card owner.Show childrenHide childrencitystringMin length:3The name of the city.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] . - — / # , ’ ° ( ) : ; [ ] & \ |and Space.Required when thecategoryiscard.countrystringThe two-character ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. For example,US,NL, orGB.line1stringThe first line of the street address.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] . - — / # , ’ ° ( ) : ; [ ] & \ |and Space.Required when thecategoryiscard.line2stringThe second line of the street address.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] . - — / # , ’ ° ( ) : ; [ ] & \ |and Space.Required when thecategoryiscard.postalCodestringMin length:3The postal code.
Maximum length:5 digits for an address in the US.10 characters for an address in all other countries.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9]and Space.Required for addresses in the US.stateOrProvincestringThe two-letter ISO 3166-2 state or province code. For example,CAin the US orONin Canada.Required for the US and Canada.dateOfBirthstringThe date of birth of the individual inISO-8601format. For example,YYYY-MM-DD.Allowed only whentypeisindividual.emailstringMax length:254The email address of the organization or individual. Maximum length: 254 characters.firstNamestringThe first name of the individual.Supported characters: [a-z] [A-Z] - . / — and space.This parameter is:Allowed only whentypeisindividual.Required whencategoryiscard.fullNamestringThe full name of the entity that owns the bank account or card.Supported characters: [a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] , . ; : - — / \ + & ! ? @ ( ) " ' and space.Required whencategoryisbank.lastNamestringThe last name of the individual.Supported characters: [a-z] [A-Z] - . / — and space.This parameter is:Allowed only whentypeisindividual.Required whencategoryiscard.referencestringMax length:150A unique reference to identify the party or counterparty involved in the transfer. For example, your client's unique wallet or payee ID.Required when you includecardIdentification.storedPaymentMethodId.typestringThe type of entity that owns the bank account or card.Possible values:individual,organization, orunknown.Required whencategoryiscard. In this case, the value must beindividual.urlstringMax length:255The URL of the organization or individual. Maximum length: 255 characters.accountIdentificationContains the bank account details. The fields required in this object depend on the country of the bank account and the currency of the transfer.Select accountIdentificationAULocalAccountIdentificationBRLocalAccountIdentificationCALocalAccountIdentificationCZLocalAccountIdentificationDKLocalAccountIdentificationHKLocalAccountIdentificationHULocalAccountIdentificationIbanAccountIdentificationNOLocalAccountIdentificationNZLocalAccountIdentificationNumberAndBicAccountIdentificationPLLocalAccountIdentificationSELocalAccountIdentificationSGLocalAccountIdentificationUKLocalAccountIdentificationUSLocalAccountIdentificationstoredPaymentMethodIdstringThe unique token that identifies the stored bank account details of the counterparty for a payout.cardobjectContains information about the counterparty card.Show childrenHide childrencardHolderobjectContains information about the cardholder.Show childrenHide childrenaddressobjectThe address of the bank account or card owner.Show childrenHide childrencitystringMin length:3The name of the city.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] . - — / # , ’ ° ( ) : ; [ ] & \ |and Space.Required when thecategoryiscard.countrystringThe two-character ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. For example,US,NL, orGB.line1stringThe first line of the street address.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] . - — / # , ’ ° ( ) : ; [ ] & \ |and Space.Required when thecategoryiscard.line2stringThe second line of the street address.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] . - — / # , ’ ° ( ) : ; [ ] & \ |and Space.Required when thecategoryiscard.postalCodestringMin length:3The postal code.
Maximum length:5 digits for an address in the US.10 characters for an address in all other countries.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9]and Space.Required for addresses in the US.stateOrProvincestringThe two-letter ISO 3166-2 state or province code. For example,CAin the US orONin Canada.Required for the US and Canada.dateOfBirthstringThe date of birth of the individual inISO-8601format. For example,YYYY-MM-DD.Allowed only whentypeisindividual.emailstringMax length:254The email address of the organization or individual. Maximum length: 254 characters.firstNamestringThe first name of the individual.Supported characters: [a-z] [A-Z] - . / — and space.This parameter is:Allowed only whentypeisindividual.Required whencategoryiscard.fullNamestringThe full name of the entity that owns the bank account or card.Supported characters: [a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] , . ; : - — / \ + & ! ? @ ( ) " ' and space.Required whencategoryisbank.lastNamestringThe last name of the individual.Supported characters: [a-z] [A-Z] - . / — and space.This parameter is:Allowed only whentypeisindividual.Required whencategoryiscard.referencestringMax length:150A unique reference to identify the party or counterparty involved in the transfer. For example, your client's unique wallet or payee ID.Required when you includecardIdentification.storedPaymentMethodId.typestringThe type of entity that owns the bank account or card.Possible values:individual,organization, orunknown.Required whencategoryiscard. In this case, the value must beindividual.urlstringMax length:255The URL of the organization or individual. Maximum length: 255 characters.cardIdentificationobjectContains the identification details of the card.Show childrenHide childrenexpiryMonthstringMin length:2Max length:2The expiry month of the card.Format: two digits. Add a leading zero for single-digit months. For example:03 = March11 = NovemberexpiryYearstringMin length:4Max length:4The expiry year of the card.Format: four digits. For example: 2020issueNumberstringMin length:1Max length:2The issue number of the card. Applies only to some UK debit cards.numberstringMin length:4Max length:19The card number without any separators.For security, the response only includes the last four digits of the card number.startMonthstringMin length:2Max length:2The month when the card was issued. Applies only to some UK debit cards.Format: two digits. Add a leading zero for single-digit months. For example:03 = March11 = NovemberstartYearstringMin length:4Max length:4The year when the card was issued. Applies only to some UK debit cards.Format: four digits. For example: 2020storedPaymentMethodIdstringThe uniquetokencreated to identify the counterparty.merchantobjectContains information about the merchant.Show childrenHide childrenacquirerIdstringThe unique identifier of the merchant's acquirer.citystringThe city where the merchant is located.countrystringThe country where the merchant is located.mccstringThe merchant category code.merchantIdstringThe unique identifier of the merchant.namestringThe name of the merchant's shop or service.postalCodestringThe postal code of the merchant.transferInstrumentIdstringThe unique identifier of the counterpartytransfer instrument.createdAtstringThe date and time when the transfer was created, in ISO 8601 extended format. For example,2020-12-18T10:15:30+01:00.creationDatestringDeprecated in version 3Use createdAt or updatedAtThe date and time when the event was triggered, in ISO 8601 extended format. For example,2020-12-18T10:15:30+01:00.descriptionstringYour description for the transfer. It is used by most banks as the transfer description. We recommend sending a maximum of 140 characters, otherwise the description may be truncated.Supported characters:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] / - ?: ( ) . , ' + SpaceSupported characters forregularandfasttransfers to a US counterparty:[a-z] [A-Z] [0-9] & $ % # @~ = + - _ ' " ! ?directDebitInformationobjectThe details of the direct debit.Show childrenHide childrendateOfSignaturestringThe date when the direct debit mandate was accepted by your user, inISO-8601format.dueDatestringThe date when the funds are deducted from your user's balance account.mandateIdstringYour unique identifier for the direct debit mandate.sequenceTypestringIdentifies the direct debit transfer's type.
Possible values:OneOff,First,Recurring,Final.directionstringThe direction of the transfer.Possible values:incoming,outgoing.eventIdstringThe unique identifier of the latest transfer event. Included only when thecategoryisissuedCard.eventsarray[object]The list of events leading up to the current status of the transfer.Show childrenHide childrenamountobjectThe original journal amount. Only applicable forissuingintegrations.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.amountAdjustmentsarray[object]The amount adjustments in this transfer. Only applicable forissuingintegrations.Show childrenHide childrenamountobjectThe adjustment amount.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.amountAdjustmentTypestringThe type of markup that is applied to an authorised payment.Possible values:exchange,forexMarkup,authHoldReserve,atmMarkup.basepointsintegerThe basepoints associated with the applied markup.arnstringScheme unique arn identifier useful for tracing captures, chargebacks, refunds, etc.bookingDatestringThe date when the transfer request was sent.estimatedArrivalTimestringThe estimated time when the beneficiary should have access to the funds.eventsDataarrayA list of event data.Select eventsDataInterchangeDataIssuingTransactionDataMerchantPurchaseDataexternalReasonobjectThe external reason for the transfer status.Show childrenHide childrencodestringThe reason code.descriptionstringThe description of the reason code.namespacestringThe namespace for the reason code.idstringThe unique identifier of the transfer event.modificationobjectThe payment modification. Only applicable forreturned internal transfers.Show childrenHide childrendirectionstringThe direction of the money movement.idstringOur reference for the modification.referencestringYour reference for the modification, used internally within your platform.statusstringThe status of the transfer event.typestringThe type of transfer modification.mutationsarray[object]The list of balance mutations per event.Show childrenHide childrenbalanceintegerThe amount in the payment's currency that is debited or credited on the balance accounting register.currencystringThe three-characterISO currency code.receivedintegerThe amount in the payment's currency that is debited or credited on the received accounting register.reservedintegerThe amount in the payment's currency that is debited or credited on the reserved accounting register.originalAmountobjectThe amount in the original currency. Only applicable forissuingintegrations.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringMin length:3Max length:3The three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.reasonstringThe reason for the transfer status.statusstringThe status of the transfer event.trackingDataAdditional information for the tracking event.Select trackingDataConfirmationTrackingDataEstimationTrackingDataInternalReviewTrackingDatatransactionIdstringThe id of the transaction that is related to this accounting event. Only sent for events of typeaccountingwhere the balance changes.typestringThe type of the transfer event. Possible values:accounting,tracking.updateDatestringThe date when the tracking status was updated.valueDatestringThe date when the funds are expected to be deducted from or credited to the balance account. This date can be in either the past or future.executionDateobjectContains information about the date when the transfer will be processed. The execution date must be within 30 days of the current date.Until the execution date:Thestatusof the transfer remains asreceived.Thereasonof the transfer remains aspending.Show childrenHide childrendatestringThe date when the transfer will be processed. This date must be:Within 30 days of the current date.In theISO 8601 formatYYYY-MM-DD. For example: 2025-01-31timezonestringThe timezone that applies to the execution date. Use a timezone identifier from thetz database.Example:America/Los_Angeles.
Default value:Europe/Amsterdam.externalReasonobjectThe external reason of this transfer.Show childrenHide childrencodestringThe reason code.descriptionstringThe description of the reason code.namespacestringThe namespace for the reason code.idstringThe ID of the resource.paymentInstrumentobjectContains information about the payment instrument used in the transfer.Show childrenHide childrendescriptionstringThe description of the resource.idstringThe unique identifier of the resource.referencestringThe reference for the resource.tokenTypestringThe type of wallet that the network token is associated with.reasonstringAdditional information about the status of the transfer.referencestringMax length:80Your reference for the transfer, used internally within your platform. If you don't provide this in the request, Adyen generates a unique reference.referenceForBeneficiarystringA reference that is sent to the recipient. This reference is also sent in all webhooks related to the transfer, so you can use it to track statuses for both the source and recipient of funds.Supported characters:a-z,A-Z,0-9.The maximum length depends on thecategory.internal: 80 charactersbank: 35 characters when transferring to an IBAN, 15 characters for others.reviewobjectContains status updates related to additional reviews.Show childrenHide childrennumberOfApprovalsRequiredintegerShows the number ofapprovalsrequired to process the transfer.scaOnApprovalstringShows the status of the Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) process.Possible values:required,notApplicable.sequenceNumberintegerThe sequence number of the transfer webhook. The numbers start from 1 and increase with each new webhook for a specific transfer.The sequence number can help you restore the correct sequence of events even if they arrive out of order.statusstringThe result of the transfer.For example:received: an outgoing transfer request is created.refused: the transfer request is rejected by Adyen for one of the following reasons:Lack of funds in the balance account.Transfer limit exceeded.Transaction rule requirements violated.authorised: the transfer request is authorized and the funds are reserved.booked: the funds are deducted from your user's balance account.failed: the transfer is rejected by the counterparty's bank.returned: the transfer is returned by the counterparty's bank.trackingThe latest tracking information of the transfer.Select trackingConfirmationTrackingDataEstimationTrackingDataInternalReviewTrackingDatatransactionRulesResultobjectContains the results of the evaluation of the transaction rules.Show childrenHide childrenadvicestringThe advice given by the Risk analysis.allHardBlockRulesPassedbooleanIndicates whether the transaction passed the evaluation for all hardblock rulesscoreintegerThe score of the Risk analysis.triggeredTransactionRulesarray[object]Array containing all the transaction rules that the transaction triggered.Show childrenHide childrenreasonstringAn explanation about why the transaction rule failed.transactionRuleobjectContains information about the transaction rule.Show childrenHide childrendescriptionstringThe description of the resource.idstringThe unique identifier of the resource.outcomeTypestringThe outcome type of the rule.referencestringThe reference for the resource.scoreintegerThe transaction score determined by the rule. Returned only whenoutcomeTypeisscoreBased.transactionRuleSourceobjectContains information about the resource to which the transaction rule applies.Show childrenHide childrenidstringID of the resource, when applicable.typestringIndicates the type of resource for which the transaction rule is defined.Possible values:PaymentInstrumentGroupPaymentInstrumentBalancePlatformEntityUsageConfigurationPlatformRule: The transaction rule is a platform-wide rule imposed by Adyen.typestringThe type of transfer or transaction. For example,refund,payment,internalTransfer,bankTransfer.updatedAtstringThe date and time when the event was triggered, in ISO 8601 extended format. For example,2020-12-18T10:15:30+01:00.
- 401 - UnauthorizedAuthentication required.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.routingDetailsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each attempt to route the transfer with the priorities from the request.Show childrenHide childrendetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.prioritystringThe priority for the bank transfer. This sets the speed at which the transfer is sent and the fees that you have to pay. Required for transfers withcategorybank.Possible values:regular: For normal, low-value transactions.fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 403 - ForbiddenInsufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.routingDetailsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each attempt to route the transfer with the priorities from the request.Show childrenHide childrendetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.prioritystringThe priority for the bank transfer. This sets the speed at which the transfer is sent and the fees that you have to pay. Required for transfers withcategorybank.Possible values:regular: For normal, low-value transactions.fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 422 - Unprocessable EntityA request validation error.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.routingDetailsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each attempt to route the transfer with the priorities from the request.Show childrenHide childrendetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.prioritystringThe priority for the bank transfer. This sets the speed at which the transfer is sent and the fees that you have to pay. Required for transfers withcategorybank.Possible values:regular: For normal, low-value transactions.fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.
- 500 - Internal Server ErrorThe server could not process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.instancestringA unique URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem.invalidFieldsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each validation error, when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringA unique reference for the request, essentially the same aspspReference.responseobjectJSON response payload.routingDetailsarray[object]Detailed explanation of each attempt to route the transfer with the priorities from the request.Show childrenHide childrendetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringA code that identifies the problem type.prioritystringThe priority for the bank transfer. This sets the speed at which the transfer is sent and the fees that you have to pay. Required for transfers withcategorybank.Possible values:regular: For normal, low-value transactions.fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the problem type, pointing to human-readable documentation on this problem type.

#### 200 - OK
- bank: A transfer involving atransfer instrumentor a bank account.
- card: A transfer involving a third-party card.
- internal: A transfer betweenbalance accountswithin your platform.
- issuedCard: A transfer initiated by an Adyen-issued card.
- platformPayment: Funds movements related to payments that are acquired for your users.
- topUp: An incoming transfer initiated by your user to top up their balance account.
- 5 digits for an address in the US.
- 10 characters for an address in all other countries.
- Allowed only whentypeisindividual.
- Required whencategoryiscard.
- Allowed only whentypeisindividual.
- Required whencategoryiscard.
- 5 digits for an address in the US.
- 10 characters for an address in all other countries.
- Allowed only whentypeisindividual.
- Required whencategoryiscard.
- Allowed only whentypeisindividual.
- Required whencategoryiscard.
- 03 = March
- 11 = November
- 03 = March
- 11 = November
- Thestatusof the transfer remains asreceived.
- Thereasonof the transfer remains aspending.
- Within 30 days of the current date.
- In theISO 8601 formatYYYY-MM-DD. For example: 2025-01-31
- internal: 80 characters
- bank: 35 characters when transferring to an IBAN, 15 characters for others.
- received: an outgoing transfer request is created.
- refused: the transfer request is rejected by Adyen for one of the following reasons:Lack of funds in the balance account.Transfer limit exceeded.Transaction rule requirements violated.
- authorised: the transfer request is authorized and the funds are reserved.
- booked: the funds are deducted from your user's balance account.
- failed: the transfer is rejected by the counterparty's bank.
- returned: the transfer is returned by the counterparty's bank.
- Lack of funds in the balance account.
- Transfer limit exceeded.
- Transaction rule requirements violated.
- PaymentInstrumentGroup
- PaymentInstrument
- BalancePlatform
- EntityUsageConfiguration
- PlatformRule: The transaction rule is a platform-wide rule imposed by Adyen.

#### 401 - Unauthorized
- regular: For normal, low-value transactions.
- fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.
- wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.
- instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.
- crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.
- internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).

#### 403 - Forbidden
- regular: For normal, low-value transactions.
- fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.
- wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.
- instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.
- crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.
- internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).

#### 422 - Unprocessable Entity
- regular: For normal, low-value transactions.
- fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.
- wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.
- instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.
- crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.
- internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).

#### 500 - Internal Server Error
- regular: For normal, low-value transactions.
- fast: A faster way to transfer funds, but the fees are higher. Recommended for high-priority, low-value transactions.
- wire: The fastest way to transfer funds, but this has the highest fees. Recommended for high-priority, high-value transactions.
- instant: For instant funds transfers within the United States and inSEPA locations.
- crossBorder: For high-value transfers to a recipient in a different country.
- internal: For transfers to an Adyen-issued business bank account (by bank account number/IBAN).