# transfers-api/4/get/disputes/(id)

*Source: https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/transfers-api/4/get/disputes/(id)*

---

# Get dispute by ID
Get a raised dispute by ID.
The unique identifier of the raised dispute.
After submitting a call, you receive a response message to inform you that your request was received and processed.
Depending on the HTTP status code of the response message, it is helpful to build some logic to handle any errors that a request or the system may return.

### HTTP Responses
- 200 - OKThe request has succeeded.Show moreShow lessarnstringThe unique Acquirer Reference Number (arn) generated by the card scheme for each capture. You can use thearnto trace the transaction through its lifecycle.descriptionstringYour description for the dispute.disputedAmountobjectThe amount for which you dispute the transaction. The disputed amount cannot be greater than the transaction amount. If you do not provide an amount, the entire transaction amount will be disputed.Show childrenHide childrencurrencystringThe three-characterISO currency codeof the amount.valueintegerThe numeric value of the amount, inminor units.duplicateInfoobjectAdditional information for raising a dispute oftypeduplicate. Required for disputes oftypeduplicate.Show childrenHide childrenduplicateTransactionIdstringMin length:1The transaction id associated with the duplicate charge for which you are disputing. The disputed transaction must be in the same amount as the duplicate transaction.sameCardbooleanThe duplicate charge was made on the same card. Possible values:true,false.sameIssuerbooleanThe issuer associated with each charge is the same. Possible values:true,false.fraudInfoobjectAdditional information for raising a dispute oftypefraud. Required for disputes oftypefraud.Show childrenHide childrencardDoesNotBelongToCardholderbooleanThe card is no longer in the cardholder's possession. Set totrueif the card is lost or stolen.cardWasCounterfeitedbooleanThe card was counterfeited.descriptionOfIssuestringMax length:2500Your description of the issue for raising a dispute oftypefraud.reportOnlybooleanSet totrueto report fraud to Adyen with no further action, such as a request for a chargeback or fee reversal. The default value isfalse.idstringThe unique identifier of the raised dispute.notDeliveredInfoobjectAdditional information for raising a dispute oftypenotDelivered. Required for disputes oftypenotDelivered.Show childrenHide childrenagreedDeliveryLocationstringMax length:500The delivery location specified by the cardholder. Required ifdeliveredToWrongLocationistrue.dateOfCancellationstringThe date the undelivered goods or services were cancelled in YYYY-MM-DD format.deliveredToWrongLocationbooleanIndicates goods were delivered to the wrong location.Possible values:true,false.descriptionOfIssuestringMax length:2500Your description of the issue for raising a dispute oftypenotDelivered.didCardholderReturnbooleanIndicates if the cardholder returned the goods to the merchant. Required ifisDeliveryLateistrue.Possible values:true,false.isDeliveryLatebooleanIndicates if the goods or services were delivered late. Required ifwhatWasNotDeliveredisgoods.Possible values:true,false.isMerchantBankruptbooleanIndicates if the transaction was processed by a bankrupt merchant.Possible values:true,false.isNonFiatOrNftbooleanIndicates if the transaction is non-fiat or non-fungible token (NFT) related.Possible values:true,false.lastExpectedDatestringThe date the undelivered goods or services were expected to be delivered in YYYY-MM-DD format.whatWasNotDeliveredstringThe type of product that you expected to receive.Possible values:goods,services.whoCancelledstringThe party that initiated the cancellation of the transaction.Possible values:merchant,cardholder.otherInfoobjectAdditional information for raising a dispute oftypeother. Required for disputes oftypeotherNote:Theotherdisputetypeis currently in beta testing. Do not create or submit any disputes for this disputetypeat this time.Show childrenHide childrendescriptionOfIssuestringMax length:2500Your description of the issue for raising a dispute oftypeother.subTypestringThe specific category ofotherdispute that you are raising.Possible values:atmDispute,cancelledGoodsServices,cancelledRecurring,counterfeit,creditNotProcessed,notAsDescribed.whatWasPurchasedstringThe type of product that you purchased.Possible values:goods,services.statusstringThe current status of the dispute.When you create a dispute, you can only set thestatustodraft. When you update a dispute, you can set thestatustosubmittedorclosed.Possible values:draft,submitted,closed,won,chargeback,secondPresentment.transactionIdstringThe unique reference of the transaction for which you are raising the dispute.typestringThe type of the dispute.Possible values:duplicate,fraud,notDelivered,other.Note:Theotherdisputetypeis currently in beta testing. Do not create or submit any disputes for this disputetypeat this time.
- 401Authentication required.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringUnique business error code.instancestringA URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem if applicable.invalidFieldsarray[object]Array of fields with validation errors when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringThe unique reference for the request.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the validation error type. It points to human-readable documentation for the problem type.
- 403Insufficient permissions to process the request.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringUnique business error code.instancestringA URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem if applicable.invalidFieldsarray[object]Array of fields with validation errors when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringThe unique reference for the request.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the validation error type. It points to human-readable documentation for the problem type.
- 422A request validation error.Show moreShow lessdetailstringA human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.errorCodestringUnique business error code.instancestringA URI that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem if applicable.invalidFieldsarray[object]Array of fields with validation errors when applicable.Show childrenHide childrenmessagestringDescription of the validation error.namestringThe field that has an invalid value.valuestringThe invalid value.requestIdstringThe unique reference for the request.statusintegerThe HTTP status code.titlestringA short, human-readable summary of the problem type.typestringA URI that identifies the validation error type. It points to human-readable documentation for the problem type.

#### 200 - OK

#### 401

#### 403

#### 422