# Get Unsettled Transactions

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-unsettled-transactions-202507*

---

# Path: /finance/202507/orders/unsettled
# Method: [GET]
# Function Description
This API allows the partner to retrieve a list of unsettled transactions (incl. Orders & Adjustments) generated by a seller, returning the detailed fee breakdown for a list of order ID and adjustment ID.
For now, this API only returns transactions which were created after 2025.01.01. Once one transaction is settled, which won't be returned by this API anymore, please get from Get Statement Transaction API.
**Pay attention to that all data returned through this API is an estimated amount which subject to change before settlement and can only used for seller's reference, final settlement amount per each transaction can only provided through statement related API.

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
| page_token | string | N | WzE3MjM1MjE1ODEyNDksNzQwMjQ2ODczODU1OTI2NDUxN10 | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the `next_page_token` from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page. |
| page_size | int | N | 20 | The number of results to be returned per page. |
| Default: 20 |  |  |  |  |
| Valid range: [1-100] |  |  |  |  |
| sort_field | string | Y | 1623812664 | The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. Only supports `order_create_time`. |
| sort_order | string | N | ASC | The sort order for the `sort_field` parameter. |
| Default: ASC |  |  |  |  |
| Possible values: |  |  |  |  |

* ASC: Ascending order
* DESC: Descending order |
   search_time_ge |int |N |1623812664 |Filter statements to show only those that are generated on or after the
   specified date and time. Unix timestamp. Note:statement_time_ge and statement_time_lt together constitute the creation time filter condition. - If statement_time_ge is filled but statement_time_lt is empty, statement_time_lt will default to the current time. - If statement_time_lt is filled but statement_time_ge is empty, statement_time_ge will default to 20250101. |
   search_time_lt |int |N |1623812664 |the search range's end time |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202507/orders/unsettled?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY&page_token=WzE3MjM1MjE1ODEyNDksNzQwMjQ2ODczODU1OTI2NDUxN10&page_size=20&sort_field=1623812664&sort_order=ASC&search_time_ge=1623812664&search_time_lt=1623812664
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^next_page_token | string | 6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Provide this value in the `page_token` parameter of your request if the current response does not return all the results. |
| ^total_count | int | 2 | The number of transaction records in the statement. |
| ^sum_est_settlement_amount | string | 100 | The sum of the estimated settlement amount. |
| ^sum_est_revenue_amount | string | 10 | The sum of the estimated revenue amount. |
| ^sum_est_adjustment_amount | string | -10 | The sum of the estimated adjustment amount. |
| ^sum_est_fee_amount | string | -10 | The sum of the estimated fee amount. |
| ^transactions | []object |  | The list of transaction records in the statement. Each transaction corresponds to an order, an adjustment, or a reserve-related transaction. |
| ^^type | string | ORDER | The transaction type. |
| Standard transactions |  |  |  |

* `ORDER`: A transaction related to an order settlement.
* If the transaction is an adjustment, it returns one of the following values:
   Platform-related adjustments
* `CHARGE_BACK`: Charges returned to a payment card after a customer has successfully disputed an item on their account statement or transactions report.
* `CUSTOMER_SERVICE_COMPENSATION`: Extra compensation or compensation paid to a customer after the after-sales period by customer service.
* `DEDUCTIONS_INCURRED_BY_SELLER`: Deduction arising from customer dissatisfaction as a result of the seller's responsibility. This includes issues such as fraud, empty packages, items that do not match the product display page, or items of lower value than advertised.
* `GMV_PAYMENT_FOR_ADS`: Amount used to pay for your advertisement if you are enabled "auto pay ads with shop GMV", or to pay for Tiktok Promote ads orders.
* `PLATFORM_COMMISSION_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment when there are differences in the platform commission paid by the seller.
* `PLATFORM_COMMISSION_COMPENSATION`: Compensation paid to the seller when there are differences in the platform commission paid by the seller.
* `PLATFORM_PENALTY`: Penalty imposed for a violation of TikTok Shop policies (the corresponding amount has been deducted from the seller's account). For details, please refer to the email notification sent to the seller.
* `PROMOTION_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment when a seller takes part in a platform promotion and there are differences between the promotion price and the actual amount paid by the seller.
* `REBATE`: A discount on referral fees offered by TikTok Shop to eligible sellers.
* `PLATFORM_COMPENSATION`: Compensation paid to the seller after the seller successfully appealed for a customer dispute.
* `PLATFORM_REIMBURSEMENT`: Reimbursement paid by TikTok Shop for an order refunded under TikTok's refund without return policy (the seller is not responsible).
   Logistics-related adjustments
* `FBT_WAREHOUSE_SERVICE_FEE`: Amount charged by TikTok Fulfillment Portal (Pipak) for warehousing-related bills incurred by the seller under the Fulfilled by TikTok (FBT) service.
* `LOGISTICS_REIMBURSEMENT`: Reimbursement paid by TikTok Shop for an order refunded due to logistics-related issues (e.g. lost or damaged order).
* `SHIPPING_FEE_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment when there are differences or mistakes with the shipping fee paid by the seller.
* `SHIPPING_FEE_COMPENSATION`: Compensation given to sellers due to differences between the actual shipping fee and the pre-paid shipping fee.
* `SHIPPING_FEE_REBATE`: Shipping fee rebate provided to the seller as part of their participation in a platform campaign.
* `SAMPLE_SHIPPING_FEE`: Fees charged for sending samples using the TikTok logistics provider.
   Miscellaneous adjustments
   `OTHER_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment for other reasons. |
   ^^id |string |1636700041413599290 |The transaction ID. |
   ^^status |string |UNSETTLED |The transaction status. Only supports `UNSETTLED`. |
   ^^currency |string |USD |The three-digit currency code in ISO 4217 format. |
   ^^estimated_settlement |string |1685548800 |Estimated settlement time for this transaction.
   Possible return value:
* x days after delivery: when order hasn't been delivered and only rough settlement policy been provided
* Unix timestamp: when order has been delivered and detailed settlement time been calculated out |
   ^^unsettled_reason |string |waiting for deliveery |reason for why transaction is pending for settlement |
   ^^order_create_time |int |1685548800 |The creation time of the order. Unix timestamp. |
   ^^order_delivery_time |int |1685548800 |The delivery time of the order. Unix timestamp. if order hasn't been delivered, no data will be return |
   ^^order_id |string |576463220456522968 |The order ID.
   Each transaction can only be associated with an order ID or an adjustment ID. |
   ^^adjustment_id |string |7238804564097517332 |The adjustment ID if the transaction is an adjustment.
   Each transaction can only be associated with an order ID or an adjustment ID. |
   ^^adjustment_order_id |string |576463220456522968 |The order ID associated with the adjustment, if any. |
   ^^est_adjustment_amount |string |170 |The estimated adjustment amount based on TikTok Shop policy.
   Refer to `transactions.type` for the list of adjustment-related policies. |
   ^^est_settlement_amount |string |130 |The estimated settlement amount for the order.
   Formula: revenue_amount - shipping_cost_amount - fee_tax_amount - adjustment_amount |
   ^^est_revenue_amount |string |200 |The estimated revenue amount. This is equivalent to the sum of all amounts in `revenue_breakdown`. |
   ^^revenue_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `revenue_amount`. |
   ^^^subtotal_before_discount_amount |string |210 |The total price of all order items before any seller discounts and platform discounts are deducted. This is equivalent to the shop's gross sales. |
   ^^^seller_discount_amount |string |-10 |The total amount of discounts funded by the seller, including:
* Seller promotions (Product Discount, Flash Deal, Buy More Save More, Voucher and Bundle Deal)
* Seller's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns
* Seller discounts during a campaign |
   ^^^refund_subtotal_before_discount_amount |string |0 |The total price of all refunded items before any seller discounts. This is equivalent to the shop's gross sales refund. |
   ^^^seller_discount_refund_amount |string |0 |Discounts returned to the sellers due to returns or refunds. |
   ^^^cod_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The cash on delivery service fees charged to buyers.
   Applicable only for Saudi Arabia. |
   ^^^refund_cod_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The refund for cash on delivery service fees.
   Applicable only for Saudi Arabia. |
   ^^^distant_item_fee_amount |string |0 |The distance fee for items paid by the customer. With your current settings for Horizon+ Program, this fee is included in product price for orders with shipping out of Java island. |
   ^^est_shipping_cost_amount |string |-70 |The estimated shipping costs, please note that when order hasn't been delivered, no complete shipping cost can be provided. This is equivalent to the sum of all contributory amounts in `shipping_cost_breakdown`. |
   ^^shipping_cost_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `shipping_cost_amount`. |
   ^^^actual_shipping_fee_amount |string |-50 |The actual shipping fee calculated based on the weight/dimensions measured by the carrier. For details, check `shipping_cost_breakdown.supplementary_component`. |
   ^^^shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |50 |The shipping fee subsidies and incentives provided by the platform. This includes all subsidies regardless of fulfillment channels or policies. For details, check `shipping_cost_breakdown.supplementary_component`. |
   ^^^customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount |string |70 |The actual shipping fee borne by the customer, calculated based on the product weight uploaded by the seller. |
   ^^^return_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of returns. |
   ^^^replacement_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of goods replacement.
   Applicable only for Indonesia. |
   ^^^exchange_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of goods exchange.
   Applicable only for Indonesia. |
   ^^^signature_confirmation_fee_amount |string |-5 |The fee incurred for packages requiring signature confirmation services |
   ^^^shipping_insurance_fee_amount |string |-5 |The shipping insurance fee incurred by the seller for purchasing additional TikTok shipping insurance services. |
   ^^^distant_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |The distance fee for shipping paid by the customer. With your current settings for Horizon+ Program, this fee is included in product price for orders with shipping out of Java island. |
   ^^^shipping_app_service_fee_amount |string |0 |Shipping App Service Fee for using shipping fee to generate shipping labels |
   ^^^supplementary_component |object | |Supplementary costs for your reference. These amounts do not directly contribute to `shipping_cost_amount`. |
   ^^^^customer_shipping_fee_offset_amount |string |-6.99 |The fee to offset TikTok Shop Shipping Incentive or customer-paid shipping fee, resulting in a net charge of $0 to the seller.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^^shipping_fee_subsidy_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee subsidy funded by the platform for seller shipping. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`.
* Positive amount represents a subsidy received by the seller.
* Negative amount represents a subsidy that the seller must return to TikTok Shop. |
   ^^^^platform_shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |20 |The shipping fee discount provided in accordance with a campaign policy.. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`. |
   ^^^^fbm_shipping_cost_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee incurred by the seller for using TikTok Shipping. This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`. |
   ^^^^fbt_shipping_cost_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee incurred by the seller for orders fulfilled by TikTok (FBT). This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`.
   Applicable for all regions except the US. |
   ^^^^promo_shipping_incentive_amount |string |30 |The additional shipping incentive that the seller will receive if the seller signed up for the Co-Funded Free Shipping Program from 2024/08/26 to 2024/12/31. A negative amount indicates a reversal of incentives due to order refunds attributed to the seller's responsibility. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`. |
   ^^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_amount |string |-50 |The shipping and warehouse fulfillment fee incurred by the seller for orders fulfilled by TikTok (FBT). This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^^seller_shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee discount provided by sellers. |
   ^^est_fee_tax_amount |string |-30 |The estimated total fees and taxes charged by TikTok Shop. Shipping-related costs are excluded. This is equivalent to the sum of all contributory amounts in `fee_tax_breakdown`. |
   ^^fee_tax_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `fee_tax_amount`. |
   ^^^fee |object | |The list of fees. |
   ^^^^platform_commission_amount |string |0 |The commission amount charged by the platform. |
   ^^^^referral_fee_amount |string |-2 |The referral fee charged for processing successful orders.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^^refund_administration_fee_amount |string |0 |The 20% refund administration fee deducted from the total refunded referral fee amount. |
   ^^^^transaction_fee_amount |string |-2 |The transaction fee charged for processing successful orders. |
   ^^^^credit_card_handling_fee_amount |string |-2 |The handling fee charged when the buyer pays with a credit card. |
   ^^^^affiliate_commission_amount |string |-4 |The commission amount charged to the seller for payment to the creator. |
   ^^^^affiliate_commission_before_pit_amount |string |-6 |The affiliate ads commission paid to a creator before any personal income tax withholding.
   Applicable only for SEA markets. |
   ^^^^pit_withheld_from_ads_commission_amount |string |2 |The creator's personal income tax withholding amount, deducted from the affiliate ads commission.
   Sellers are responsible for declaration and remittance to the tax authority, as well as providing finalized personal income tax documentation to creators.
   Applicable only for SEA markets. |
   ^^^^affiliate_partner_commission_amount |string |0 |The commission amount for purchases through affiliate partner links. |
   ^^^^affiliate_ads_commission_amount |string |-3 |The commission for eligible orders from ads. |
   ^^^^sfp_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The service fee charged for participation in the [Seller Free Shipping Programme]. |
   ^^^^live_specials_fee_amount |string |0 |The service fee charged for participation in the [LIVE Specials Programme]. |
   ^^^^bonus_cashback_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The service fee charged for participation in the bonus cashback program. |
   ^^^^mall_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The service fee charged for using TikTok Shop Mall. |
   ^^^^retail_delivery_fee_amount |string |0 |The final retail delivery fee for deliveries in Colorado, US. For more information, see [Colorado Retail Delivery Fee FAQ](https://seller-us.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=2459780628350762&default_language=en&identity=1).

Formula: retail_delivery_fee_payment + retail_delivery_fee_refund |
^^^^retail_delivery_fee_payment_amount |string |0 |The retail delivery fee for deliveries in Colorado, US. For more information, see [Colorado Retail Delivery Fee FAQ](https://seller-us.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=2459780628350762&default_language=en&identity=1). |
^^^^retail_delivery_fee_refund_amount |string |0 |The retail delivery fee subsidy by the platform for losses due to returns, refunds, or other issues in Colorado, US. |
^^^^platform_special_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The portion of the Distance Shipping Fee paid by the customer that exceeds the logistics service provider's charge, retained by TikTok Shop to support a secure fulfillment experience |
^^^^smart_promotion_fee_amount |string |0 |This fee includes funds from TikTok Shop to help provide promotions to customers |
^^^^vn_fix_infrastructure_fee |string |0 |Infrastructure fees are a fixed service fee that TikTok Shop charges for providing, maintaining, and developing infrastructure for delivery services. It applies to delivered orders on the main order level. |
^^^^dynamic_commission_amount |string |0 |The dynamic commission fee is the amount that the platform charges to all sellers for every successfully delivered order.
Applicable only for Indonesia. |
^^^tax |object | |The list of tax amounts. |
^^^^sales_tax_amount |string |-10 |The final sales tax to be paid by the customer for the product and delivery.
Formula: sales_tax_payment_amount - sales_tax_refund_amount |
^^^^sales_tax_payment_amount |string |10 |The expected sales tax to be paid by the customer for the product and delivery. |
^^^^sales_tax_refund_amount |string |0 |The sales tax amount returned to the customer in the event of a refund. |
^^^^vat_amount |string |0 |The VAT paid by the platform on the seller's behalf.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^import_vat_amount |string |0 |The import VAT, a tax paid on goods bought in one country and imported into another.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^customs_duty_amount |string |0 |The customs duties, a type of tax on cross-border goods collected by governments.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^customs_clearance_amount |string |0 |The fees charged by logistic suppliers for customs clearance services.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^sst_amount |string |0 |The sales and service tax (SST) collected and remitted to the tax authority by the platform for low-value goods imported into Malaysia, effective January 1, 2024. |
^^^^gst_amount |string |0 |The goods and services tax (GST) collected and remitted to the tax authority by the platform for low-value goods imported into Singapore, effective January 1, 2023. |
^^^^sales_tax_referral_fee_amount |string |0 |Some U.S. states consider referral fees taxable. To comply with state tax laws, TikTok Inc. collects and remits applicable sales tax when a taxable fee is charged. |
^^^^smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount |string |0 |smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount |
^^^^cedular_tax |string |0 |The Mexican Guanajuato cedular tax |
# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"next_page_token":"6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT","total_count":2,"sum_est_settlement_amount":"100","sum_est_revenue_amount":"10","sum_est_adjustment_amount":"-10","sum_est_fee_amount":"-10","transactions":[{"type":"ORDER","id":"1636700041413599290","status":"UNSETTLED","currency":"USD","estimated_settlement":"1685548800","unsettled_reason":"waiting for deliveery","order_create_time":1685548800,"order_delivery_time":1685548800,"order_id":"576463220456522968","adjustment_id":"7238804564097517332","adjustment_order_id":"576463220456522968","est_adjustment_amount":"170","est_settlement_amount":"130","est_revenue_amount":"200","revenue_breakdown":{"subtotal_before_discount_amount":"210","seller_discount_amount":"-10","refund_subtotal_before_discount_amount":"0","seller_discount_refund_amount":"0","cod_service_fee_amount":"0","refund_cod_service_fee_amount":"0","distant_item_fee_amount":"0"},"est_shipping_cost_amount":"-70","shipping_cost_breakdown":{"actual_shipping_fee_amount":"-50","shipping_fee_discount_amount":"50","customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount":"70","return_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","replacement_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","exchange_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","signature_confirmation_fee_amount":"-5","shipping_insurance_fee_amount":"-5","distant_shipping_fee_amount":"0","shipping_app_service_fee_amount":"0","supplementary_component":{"customer_shipping_fee_offset_amount":"-6.99","shipping_fee_subsidy_amount":"0","platform_shipping_fee_discount_amount":"20","fbm_shipping_cost_amount":"0","fbt_shipping_cost_amount":"0","promo_shipping_incentive_amount":"30","fbt_fulfillment_fee_amount":"-50","seller_shipping_fee_discount_amount":"0"}},"est_fee_tax_amount":"-30","fee_tax_breakdown":{"fee":{"platform_commission_amount":"0","referral_fee_amount":"-2","refund_administration_fee_amount":"0","transaction_fee_amount":"-2","credit_card_handling_fee_amount":"-2","affiliate_commission_amount":"-4","affiliate_commission_before_pit_amount":"-6","pit_withheld_from_ads_commission_amount":"2","affiliate_partner_commission_amount":"0","affiliate_ads_commission_amount":"-3","sfp_service_fee_amount":"0","live_specials_fee_amount":"0","bonus_cashback_service_fee_amount":"0","mall_service_fee_amount":"0","retail_delivery_fee_amount":"0","retail_delivery_fee_payment_amount":"0","retail_delivery_fee_refund_amount":"0","platform_special_service_fee_amount":"0","smart_promotion_fee_amount":"0","vn_fix_infrastructure_fee":"0","dynamic_commission_amount":"0"},"tax":{"sales_tax_amount":"-10","sales_tax_payment_amount":"10","sales_tax_refund_amount":"0","vat_amount":"0","import_vat_amount":"0","customs_duty_amount":"0","customs_clearance_amount":"0","sst_amount":"0","gst_amount":"0","sales_tax_referral_fee_amount":"0","smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount":"0","cedular_tax":"0"}}}]},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |