# Search Coupons

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-coupons-202406*

---

# Path: /promotion/202406/coupons/search
# Method: [POST]
# Function Description
Use this API to get a list of coupons, narrowed down further based on search parameters.
The coupons are created in Seller Center or Seller App.
For further details of the specific coupon, use `GET Coupon`.

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
| page_token | string | N | 1661756811000 | Page cursor. Omitting this parameter will return the first page of results. |
| page_size | int | N | 20 | The number of coupons returned in one page of results. The range is `[1, 100]`, with a default value of `50`. |
# Request Body Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| status | []string | N | ["ONGOING"] | Coupon's promotion status. |
| Values: |  |  |  |  |

* `NOT_START`: Not available to TikTok users until the coupon's configured start time.
* `ONGOING`: Available to TikTok users.
* `EXPIRED`: Not available to TikTok users because it has expired.
* `DEACTIVATED`: Deactivated by the seller and is not available to TikTok users. |
   title_keyword |string |N |Coupon123 |Keywords in the coupon titles to search for. The range of the length is `(0, 100]`. Fuzzy matching not supported. |
   display_type |[]string |N |["CHAT"] |The display type of coupons.
   Values:
* `REGULAR`: Regular coupons which are displayed to TikTok users across all display locations available in TTS, including PLPs, PDPs, TikTok Videos, LIVE Rooms, Creator Showcases, and may be shared via TTS Customer Support instant messages. Includes coupons which target select customer segments.
* `LIVE`: Coupons which are only displayed to TikTok users in LIVE Rooms.
* `CREATOR_EXCLUSIVE`: Coupons that can be claimed through the display channels of the specified creator, such as their LIVE Rooms, and their Creator Showcase.
* `CHAT`: Exclusive coupons that may be sent to customers via TTS customer support chat messages, but are not displayed in other display locations.
* `PROMO_CODE`: Promo codes do not have dedicated display locations on TikTok, but may be shared with customers in LIVEs, in TikTok videos, or other social media platforms. They can be claimed by customers entering a claim code at checkout or by customers that use a custom promo code landing page URL. |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/promotion/202406/coupons/search?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY&page_token=1661756811000&page_size=20
```

**Body**
```json
{"status":["ONGOING"],"title_keyword":"Coupon123","display_type":["CHAT"]}
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^total_count | int | 20 | Total coupon count. |
| ^next_page_token | string | 1661756811000 | Page cursor for next request. The last page returns "". |
| ^coupons | []object |  | Coupons. |
| ^^id | string | 7342461823095965461 | A unique ID that identifies different coupons. |
| ^^title | string | test coupon | Seller-specified title of the coupon. |
| ^^display_type | string | CHAT |  |
|The display type of coupons.
Values:

* `REGULAR`: Regular coupons which are displayed to TikTok users across all display locations available in TTS, including PLPs, PDPs, TikTok Videos, LIVE Rooms, Creator Showcases, and may be shared via TTS Customer Support instant messages. Includes coupons which target select customer segments.
* `LIVE`: Coupons which are only displayed to TikTok users in LIVE Rooms.
* `CREATOR_EXCLUSIVE`: Coupons that can be claimed through the display channels of the specified creator, such as their LIVE Rooms, and their Creator Showcase.
* `CHAT`: Exclusive coupons that may be sent to customers via TTS customer support chat messages, but are not displayed in other display locations.
* `PROMO_CODE`: Promo codes do not have dedicated display locations on TikTok, but may be shared with customers in LIVEs, in TikTok videos, or other social media platforms. They can be claimed by customers entering a claim code at checkout or by customers that use a custom promo code landing page URL.

|
^^status |string |NOT_START
|Coupon's promotion status.
Values:

* `NOT_START`: Not available to TikTok users until the coupon's configured start time.
* `ONGOING`: Available to TikTok users.
* `EXPIRED`: Not available to TikTok users because it has expired.
* `DEACTIVATED`: Deactivated by the seller and is not available to TikTok users. |
   ^^create_time |int |1661756811000 |The UNIX timestamp of when the coupon was created. |
   ^^update_time |int |1661756811000 |The UNIX timestamp of when the coupon was updated. |
   ^^claim_duration |object | |Claimable period of the coupon |
   ^^^start_time |int |1709568000 |The UNIX timestamp from which a shopper can claim the coupon. |
   ^^^end_time |int |1709654340 |The UNIX timestamp from which a shopper can claim the coupon. |
   ^^redemption_duration |object | |Period during which the coupon can be redeemed (i.e. applied to an order). |
   ^^^type |string |ABSOLUTE |Values:
* `ABSOLUTE`: the redemption period starts from `start_time` and ends at `end_time`.
* `RELATIVE`: the redemption period starts from the time the coupon is claimed and lasts for `relative_time`. |
   ^^^start_time |int |1709768000 |The UNIX timestamp at which the redemption period starts, if `type == 'ABSOLUTE'`. |
   ^^^end_time |int |1709754340 |The UNIX timestamp at which the redemption period ends, if `type == 'ABSOLUTE'`. |
   ^^^relative_time |int |4 |The number of days after coupon claim time for which a coupon is valid to be redeemed, `type = 'RELATIVE'`. |
   ^^promo_code |string |TTS12345 |Promotion code. The string contains only Unicode letters or digits. The length of the string is in the range of `[6, 12]`. |
   ^^target_buyer_segment |string |NEW
   |The target buyer segment of the coupon. Possible enumerations are:
* `ALL`: May be discovered and claimed by all TTS buyers.
* `NEW`:Customers who have never purchased from your shop.
* `REPEAT_CUSTOMERS`: People who have previously placed orders in your shop and made another purchase within certain days(30 days for non-US and 90 days for US).
* `RECENT_CUSTOMERS`: People who have made their first purchase in your shop in the past certain days(30 days for non-US and 90 days for US).
* `FREQUENT_CUSTOMERS`: Customers with more than 1 purchase within the last 90 days.
* `LAPSED_CUSTOMERS`: Customers with at least 1 purchase in the past 365 days but no purchases within the last certain days(90 days for non-US and 30 days for US).
* `NEW_FOLLOWERS`: People who started following the TikTok account of your shop in the past 30 days.
* `EXISTING_ACTIVE_FOLLOWERS`: People who followed the TikTok account of your shop and engaged with your shop through LIVE, short videos or product cards in the past 30 days.
   |
   ^^usage_limits |object | |Limitations for the use of the coupons. |
   ^^^single_buyer_claim_limit |int |30 |The number of times a single buyer can claim the coupon. |
   ^^^total_claim_limit |int |1000 |The total number of claims allowed for the coupon across all buyers. |
   ^^^redemption_limit |int |1000 |The number of times that a claimed coupon can be redeemed across all buyers. (Only available in ID, MY, PH, TH, SG, VN regions.) |
   ^^discount |object | |Discount. |
   ^^^type |string |AMOUNT_OFF |The type of discount offered by the coupon. Possible enumerations are:
* `AMOUNT_OFF`: Reduces the final price of the item by the specified `reduction_amount`
* `PERCENT_OFF`: Reduces the final price by the specified `percentage`. |
   ^^^reduction_amount |object | |Will appear when `type == 'AMOUNT_OFF'`. |
   ^^^^amount |string |30.5 |Monetary value of an `AMOUNT_OFF` discount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |USD |Currency of the discount amount. |
   ^^^percentage |string |30 |The discount offered by the coupon, in percentage points. Will appear when `type == PERCENT_OFF'`. |
   ^^^max_discount |object | |Optional monetary upper limit of the total discount amount when `type == ""PERCENT_OFF""`. |
   ^^^^amount |string |40 |Monetary value of the `max_discount`. |
   ^^^^currency |string |USD |Currency of the `max_discount`. |
   ^^threshold |object | |Optional minimum purchase criteria that must be met in order to receive the coupon's discount. |
   ^^^type |string |MIN_SPEND |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `NONE`: No minimum purchase criteria.
* `MIN_SPEND`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products. |
   ^^^min_spend |object | |When `threshold.type == 'MIN_SPEND'`, a customer must purchase products from the range defined by `product_scope` with a monetary amount greater than or equal to this value, or the customer cannot use the coupon. |
   ^^^^amount |string |30 |Monetary value of the `min_spend`. |
   ^^^^currency |string |USD |Currency of the `min_spend` threshold. |
   ^^product_scope |string |FULL_SHOP |The range of the products which the coupon applies to. The possible enumerations are:
* `FULL_SHOP`: All products sold in the shop are eligible for the coupon.
* `SPECIFIC_PRODUCTS`: Only specified products are eligible for the coupon. The list of specified products are returned in the response of the `get_coupon` API. |
   ^^creation_source |string |SELLER_CENTER |The system where the coupon is created:
* `SELLER_CENTER`: Created via the Promotions section of TikTok Seller Center.
* `SELLER_APP`: Created via the TikTok Seller Mobile App.
* `TTS_CRM`: Created via the TikTok Shop CRM. |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"total_count":20,"next_page_token":"1661756811000","coupons":[{"id":"7342461823095965461","title":"test coupon","display_type":"CHAT\n\n\n","status":"NOT_START\n\n\n\n","create_time":1661756811000,"update_time":1661756811000,"claim_duration":{"start_time":1709568000,"end_time":1709654340},"redemption_duration":{"type":"ABSOLUTE","start_time":1709768000,"end_time":1709754340,"relative_time":4},"promo_code":"TTS12345","target_buyer_segment":"NEW\n","usage_limits":{"single_buyer_claim_limit":30,"total_claim_limit":1000,"redemption_limit":1000},"discount":{"type":"AMOUNT_OFF","reduction_amount":{"amount":"30.5","currency":"USD"},"percentage":"30","max_discount":{"amount":"40","currency":"USD"}},"threshold":{"type":"MIN_SPEND","min_spend":{"amount":"30","currency":"USD"}},"product_scope":"FULL_SHOP","creation_source":"SELLER_CENTER"}]},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |