# Update Activity

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-activity-202309*

---

# Path: /promotion/202309/activities/{activity_id}
# Method: [PUT]
# Function Description
Change the title and the beginning and end time of the existing product discount or flash sale promotion activity.

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Path Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| activity_id | string | Y | 7402881377634567979 | Activity ID |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
# Request Body Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| title | string | Y | BlackFridayDiscount | Activity name (50 characters max). The name must be unique. |
| duration_type | string | N | INDEFINITE | The effective time type of the current activity |

* NORMAL: `begin_time` and `end_time` must be filled
* INDEFINITE: `begin_time` and `end_time` aren't required, and the promotion will be a long-term activity which runs indefinitely.
1. `INDEFINITE` is only valid when `activity_type` is `SHIPPING_DISCOUNT`,
2. If `duration_type` is `INDEFINITE`, `start_time` and `end_time` should be 0
   Default: NORMAL |
   begin_time |int |Y |1661756811 |Activity start time. UNIX timestamp. The value must be greater than the value of the current time. |
   end_time |int |Y |1661856811 |Activity end time. UNIX timestamp. |
   product_level |string |N |PRODUCT |Activity product dimension, values are:
   - PRODUCT: Promotion activity applies at the product (SPU) level. Any and all SKUs that are part of this product will be subject to the promotion.
   - VARIATION: Promotion activity only applies to specified SKUs.
   - SHOP: Promotion activity applies to all products in the shop. |
   participation_limit |[]object |N | |The number of times a buyer can participate in the promotion. |
   ^type |string |Y |BUYER_NO_LIMIT |Determines whether the promotion activity limits the number of times each buyer can receive its benefit. e.g.:
* `BUYER_NO_LIMIT`: No limit for buyers. Buyers can benefit from this promotion across multiple orders.
* `BUYER_LIMIT_ONLY_ONE`: Buyers can benefit from this promotion activity for no more than one order.
   Default: `BUYER_NO_LIMIT` |
   discount |object |N | |Discount information. |
   ^shipping_discount |object |N | |Shipping discount |
   ^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `NO_THRESHOLD`: No minimum purchase criteria.
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.
* `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible order.
   `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY` and `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT` can only be set when `product_level==SHOP`. |
   ^^threshold_value |string |N |3 |The purchase threshold of the discount, based on the threshold type, e.g., "3". Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==NO_THRESHOLD`, this value is not required.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`, the eligible product subtotal for the buyer's order must meet or exceed the specified order value in local currency (e.g. buyer's order subtotal must be at least $3 to receive the benefit). If it represents an order value, it must be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^type |string |Y |DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE |The type of benefit awarded by the promotion activity.
* `FREE_SHIPPING`, the buyer's cost of shipping is reduced to zero.
   - `DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE`, the discount is reduced by the value specified in `shipping_discount.value`.
   |
   ^^value |string |N |10.5 |Value of the discount.
* When `discount_type==FREE_SHIPPING`, this value is not required.
* `discount_type==DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE`, this value is the maximum amount deducted from the buyer's price of shipping in local currency.
   The value should be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^shipping_method |string |N |STANDARD_SHIPPING |The shipping methods to which this promotion applies.
* When `STANDARD_SHIPPING`: Only applies to Standard Shipping methods, including Economy.
* `EXPRESS_SHIPPING`: Only applies to Express Shipping methods.
* `ALL_SHIPPING_METHOD`: Applies to all shipping methods that the shop offers.
   Default: `STANDARD_SHIPPING` |
   ^^inventory_type |string |N |SELF_FULFILLED |The inventory types to which the promotion activity applies:
* `SELF_FULFILLED`: Only applies to Inventory fulfilled from seller warehouses
* `FULFILLED_BY_TIKTOK`: Only applies to Inventory fulfilled by TikTok from FBT (Fulfilled by TikTok) warehouses.
* `ALL`: Applies to all inventory of eligible products.
   Default: `SELF_FULFILLED`
   `FULFILLED_BY_TIKTOK` and `ALL` can only be set when `product_level`==`SHOP` and `threshold_type=NO_THRESHOLD`.
   |
   ^^area_scope |object |Y | |The (buyer's) geographical areas to which the promotion activity applies |
   ^^^type |string |Y |WHOLE |The (buyer's) geographical area to which the promotion activity applies.
   - `WHOLE`: Promotion activity applies to all areas to which the seller offers fulfillment.
* `SPECIFIC_AREAS`: Only applies to specific fulfillment areas, as defined in `area_scope.specific_areas`
   |
   ^^^specific_areas |[]string |N |["Washington", "New York"] |The list of areas for which the promotion activity applies. The valid values that may be included in this list are dependent on the region of the shop. The list of valid values for each shop region are available here: [link](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/67e3b059e7dc4f04a4ff9e09) |
   ^bmsm_discount |object |N | |Configurations related to Buy More Save More (BMSM) promotions |
   ^^details |[]object |N | |Configurations regarding BMSM promotions.
   A maximum of two `tier`s are permitted. `details.threshold_type` and `details.discount_type` must be the same across all `tier`s. |
   ^^^tier |int |Y |1 |`tier` uses 1-based indexing, i.e. the first and second tiers are counted "1, 2", not "0, 1".
   `threshold_value` and `discount_value` for a given tier must be greater than that of the previous tier.
   E.g. If `tier`<span style="background-color: #ff0">1 has </span><span style="background-color: #ff0"><code>threshold_value</code></span>`20` and `discount_value`== `15`, `tier`==2 must have `threshold_value` > `20` and `discount_value`>`15`. |
   ^^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.
* `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible order. |
   ^^^threshold_value |string |Y |5 |The purchase threshold of the discount, based on the `threshold_type`, e.g., "3". Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==NO_THRESHOLD`, this value is not required.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`, the eligible product subtotal for the buyer's order must meet or exceed the specified order value in local currency (e.g. buyer's order subtotal must be at least $3 to receive the benefit). If it represents an order value, it must be limited to two decimal places.
   |
   ^^^type |string |Y |PERCENTAGE_OFF |The type of discount awarded as a benefit. The value of the discount is determined by `value`.
   Possible enumerations are:
   - `PERCENTAGE_OFF`: Buyer will receive X% off the price of the eligible products.
* `AMOUNT_OFF`: Buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price of eligible products. |
   ^^^value |string |Y |10 |Value of the discount.
* When `type`==`PERCENTAGE_OFF`, the buyer will receive X% off the price of eligible products. If the value represents a percentage, it should be an integer.
* `type`==`AMOUNT_OFF`, the buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price of eligible products. If the value represents a monetary amount, it should be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^gift_discount |object |N | |Configurations related to Gift With Purchase (GWP) promotions. Only needs to be configured for GWP promotions. |
   ^^gift_receiving_type |string |Y |ALL_RECEIVE |The receiving type of gift. Currently only supports one type: `ALL_RECEIVE`
   -`ALL_RECEIVE`: All gifts configured in the promotion can be collected. |
   ^^gift_infos |[]object |Y | |Configurations regarding Gift With Purchase (GWP) promotions.
   A maximum of two `tier`s are permitted in SEA and UK. Only one `tier` is permitted in US. And `threshold_type` must be the same across all `tier`s. |
   ^^^tier |int |Y |1 |`tier` uses 1-based indexing, i.e. the first and second tiers are counted "1, 2", not "0, 1".
   `threshold_value` for a given tier must be greater than that of the previous tier.
   E.g. If `tier`<span style="background-color: #ff0">1 has </span><span style="background-color: #ff0"><code>threshold_value</code></span>`2`, `tier`==2 must have `threshold_value` > `2`. |
   ^^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The purchase threshold type of discount. The threshold type of each tier must be consistent. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.
* `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible order. |
   ^^^threshold_value |string |Y |3 |The purchase threshold value of the gift, based on the `threshold_type`. Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`, the eligible product subtotal for the buyer's order must meet or exceed the specified order value in local currency (e.g. buyer's order subtotal must be at least $3 to receive the benefit). If it represents an order value, it must be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^^gift_details |[]object |Y | |Gift configurations related to Gift With Purchase (GWP) promotions. |
   ^^^^product_id |string |Y |1732239744891062847 |TikTok Shop product id of gift. |
   ^^^^sku_id |string |Y |1732239787859544639 |TikTok Shop sku id of gift. |
   ^^^^total_claim_limit |string |Y |100 |The quantity limit of the gift sku which is involved in the activity. The range is [1, 99999]. If you are updating the value of an existing sku, the value cannot be decreased. |
   ^bxgy_discount |object |N | |Configurations related to Buy X Get Y (BXGY) promotions. Only needs to be configured for BXGY promotions. |
   ^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products. |
   ^^threshold_value |string |Y |5 |The purchase threshold of the discount, based on the `threshold_type`, e.g., "3". Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
   |
   ^^discount_type |string |Y |AMOUNT_OFF_EACH |The type of discount awarded as a benefit. The value of the discount is determined by `value`.
   Possible enumerations are:
   - `PERCENTAGE_OFF`: Buyer will receive X% off the price of the eligible products.
* `FREE`: Buyer will receive X eligible products for free.
* `AMOUNT_OFF_EACH`: Buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price on each of eligible products. |
   ^^discount_value |string |Y |5 |Value of the discount.
* When `type`==`PERCENTAGE_OFF`, the buyer will receive X% off the price of eligible products. If the value represents a percentage, it should be an integer.
* `type`==`AMOUNT_OFF_EACH`, the buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price of each eligible products. If the value represents a monetary amount, it should be limited to two decimal places.
   |
   ^^benefit_max_applicable_quantity |string |Y |5 |The quantity of item Y in a BXGY promotion. This value must be a positive integer. |
   ^^benefit_max_applicable_times |string |N |5 |Optional. The maximum number of times the BXGY benefit can be applied within a single order. This value must be a positive integer. |
   target_user_info |object |N | |The targeted user type of the promotion. |
   ^user_type |string |N |ALL_USER |Possible enumerations are:
   `ALL_USER`
   `SHOP_NEW_CUSTOMER`
   `SHOP_EXISTING_CUSTOMER`
   `SHOP_REPEAT_CUSTOMER` |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/promotion/202309/activities/7402881377634567979?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY
```

**Body**
```json
{"title":"BlackFridayDiscount","duration_type":"INDEFINITE","begin_time":1661756811,"end_time":1661856811,"product_level":"PRODUCT","participation_limit":[{"type":"BUYER_NO_LIMIT"}],"discount":{"shipping_discount":{"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"3","type":"DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE","value":"10.5","shipping_method":"STANDARD_SHIPPING","inventory_type":"SELF_FULFILLED","area_scope":{"type":"WHOLE","specific_areas":["Washington","New York"]}},"bmsm_discount":{"details":[{"tier":1,"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"5","type":"PERCENTAGE_OFF","value":"10"}]},"gift_discount":{"gift_receiving_type":"ALL_RECEIVE","gift_infos":[{"tier":1,"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"3","gift_details":[{"product_id":"1732239744891062847","sku_id":"1732239787859544639","total_claim_limit":"100"}]}]},"bxgy_discount":{"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"5","discount_type":"AMOUNT_OFF_EACH","discount_value":"5","benefit_max_applicable_quantity":"5","benefit_max_applicable_times":"5"}},"target_user_info":{"user_type":"ALL_USER"}}
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^activity_id | string | 7136104329798256386 | A unique ID that identifies different activities. |
| ^title | string | BlackFridayDiscount | Activity name set by the seller. |
| ^update_time | int | 1661756811 | Last update time. UNIX timestamp. |
# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"activity_id":"7136104329798256386","title":"BlackFridayDiscount","update_time":1661756811},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 17003203 | A storewide free shipping promotion activity is already active. Only one can be created at a time. |
| 17029001 | Invalid parameters |
| 17029002 | Title Length Too Long |
| 17029003 | The activity title is empty. |
| 17029004 | Duplicate activity title. |
| 17029005 | Begin Time Earlier Than Now |
| 17029006 | The activity period is too short. |
| 17029007 | The activity period is too long. |
| 17029008 | FlashSale Period Too Long |
| 17029009 | Activity does not exist |
| 17029010 | Activity is deactivated |
| 17029011 | Not allowed to update the beginning time of activity |
| 17029012 | Not allowed to update expired activities |
| 17029022 | The product or SKU cannot be in two `ONGOING` or `NOT_START` activities at the same time. |
| 17029026 | Invalid SellerID |
| 17029028 | You are specifying activities not in your shop. |
| 17029052 | ProductType is not supported |
| 17029070 | Empty gift sku info. |
| 17029071 | Gift sku id is invalid, not an integer. |
| 17029072 | Gift sku repeated |
| 17029073 | Price of the gift exceeds the upper limit |
| 17029074 | Eligible products and the gift products must not be the same product. |
| 17029075 | Number of gifts per tier does not meet the limit |
| 17029076 | Gift sku is out of stock. |
| 17029077 | Gifts across different tiers are repeated |
| 17029078 | Number of gift tiers does not meet the requirement |
| 17029082 | Specified time is outside of the defined range for this activity. Please check the time range for the activity and try again. |
| 17029083 | The claim limit quantity of gift can not be decreased |
| 17029084 | The threshold type of gift can not be modified |
| 17029085 | The number of gift tiers can not be changed |
| 17029102 | Product level and shop level are not interchangeable |
| 17029103 | Partial of products have already been applied to another conflict promotion during the selected period. |
| 17029104 | The product(s) selected have already been applied to another buy more save more promotion during the selected period. To proceed, edit the product list or change the promotion period. |
| 17029105 | The threshold type and discount type can not be modified. |
| 17029106 | Participation Limit info cannot change or modify. |
| 17029107 | Due to overlapping with other activities, sellers cannot create shop-scope BMSM activity. |
| 17029109 | The promotion exceeds the threshold. |
| 17029110 | The discount value is below the minimum threshold. |
| 17029111 | The threshold value is invalid. |
| 17029112 | The discount value is invalid. |
| 17029113 | The number of products will exceed the maximum number of the promotion. |
| 17029114 | The promotion type is not supported. |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |