# Get Order List

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-order-list-202309*

---

# Path: /order/202309/orders/search
# Method: [POST]
# Function Description
Returns a list of orders created or updated during the timeframe indicated by the specified parameters. You can also apply a range of filtering criteria to narrow the list of orders returned, such as order status, delivery option type, and buyer user ID.

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
| page_size | int | Y | 20 | The number of results to be returned per page. Default: 20. Valid range: [1-100]. |
| sort_order | string | N | ASC | The sort order for the `sort_field` parameter. Default: DESC |
| Possible values: |  |  |  |  |

* ASC: Ascending order
* DESC: Descending order |
   page_token |string |N |6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT |An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the `next_page_token` from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page. |
   sort_field |string |N |create_time |The returned results will be sorted by the specified field.
   Default: `create_time`
   Possible values:
* `create_time`
* `update_time`

Specify the order for sorting the returned results by using the `sort_order` parameter. |
# Request Body Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| order_status | string | N | UNPAID | Specific order status. |
| Available values: |  |  |  |  |

* `UNPAID`: The order has been placed, but payment has not been completed.
* `ON_HOLD`: The order has been accepted and is awaiting fulfillment. The buyer may still cancel without the seller’s approval. If `order_type=PRE_ORDER`, the product is still awaiting release so payment will only be authorized 1 day before the release, but the seller should start preparing for the release.
* `AWAITING_SHIPMENT`: The order is ready to be shipped, but no items have been shipped yet.
* `PARTIALLY_SHIPPING`: Some items in the order have been shipped, but not all.
* `AWAITING_COLLECTION`: Shipping has been arranged, but the package is waiting to be collected by the carrier.
* `IN_TRANSIT`: The package has been collected by the carrier and delivery is in progress.
* `DELIVERED`: The package has been delivered to the buyer.
* `COMPLETED`: The order has been completed, and no further returns or refunds are allowed.
* `CANCELLED`: The order has been cancelled. |
   create_time_ge |int |N |1623812664 |Filter orders to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.

Note:
`create_time_ge` and `create_time_lt` together constitute the creation time filter condition.

* If `create_time_ge` is filled but `create_time_lt` is empty, `create_time_lt` will default to the current time.
* If `create_time_lt` is filled but `create_time_ge` is empty, `create_time_ge` will default to the earliest shop time. |
   create_time_lt |int |N |1623812664 |Filter orders to show only those that are created before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.
   Refer to notes in `create_time_ge` for more usage information.
   |
   update_time_ge |int |N |1623812664 |Filter orders to show only those that are updated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.

Note:
`update_time_ge` and `update_time_lt` together define the update time filter condition.

* If `update_time_ge` is filled but `update_time_lt` is empty, `update_time_lt` will default to the current time.
* If `update_time_lt` is filled but `update_time_ge` is empty, `update_time_ge` will default to the earliest shop time.

Update times may exceed the selected search range due to ongoing data refreshes during the search process. |
update_time_lt |int |N |1623812664 |Filter orders to show only those that are updated before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.
Refer to notes in `update_time_ge` for more usage information.
Update times may exceed the selected search range due to ongoing data refreshes during the search process. |
shipping_type |string |N |TIKTOK |The delivery method.

* `TIKTOK`: Shipping service provided by TikTok. The seller should obtain a shipping label from TikTok.
* `SELLER`: Seller provides shipping, including through 3rd party fulfillment providers on behalf of the seller.
* `TIKTOK_DIGITAL`: Tiktok delivers virtual goods directly to buyers. There is no action needed. |
   buyer_user_id |string |N |7213489962827123654 |Buyer user ID. |
   is_buyer_request_cancel |bool |N |false |Whether the buyer has initiated an order cancellation request. |
   warehouse_ids |[]string |N |["7000714532876273888","7000714532876273666"] |Filter orders by pickup/sales warehouse IDs.
   Applicable only if the multi-warehouse feature is enabled.
   Max count: 100 |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/order/202309/orders/search?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY&page_size=20&sort_order=ASC&page_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT&sort_field=create_time
```

**Body**
```json
{"order_status":"UNPAID","create_time_ge":1623812664,"create_time_lt":1623812664,"update_time_ge":1623812664,"update_time_lt":1623812664,"shipping_type":"TIKTOK","buyer_user_id":"7213489962827123654","is_buyer_request_cancel":false,"warehouse_ids":["7000714532876273888","7000714532876273666"]}
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^next_page_token | string | 6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Provide this value in the `page_token` parameter of your request if the current response does not return all the results. |
| ^total_count | int | 22113 | Total number of orders in the search result. |
| ^orders | []object |  | Order information. |
| ^^id | string | 576461413038785752 | TikTok Shop order ID. |
| ^^buyer_message | string | Please ship asap! | The note from the buyer. |
| ^^cancellation_initiator | string | SELLER | Cancellation request initiator. |
| Available values: |  |  |  |

* `SELLER`
* `BUYER`
* `SYSTEM`
   |
   ^^shipping_provider_id |string |6617675021119438849 |The ID of the current shipping provider. |
   ^^create_time |int |1619611561 |The date and time that the order was created. Unix timestamp. |
   ^^shipping_provider |string |TT Virtual express |The name of the current shipping provider. |
   ^^packages |[]object | |List of packages included in this order. |
   ^^^id |string |1152321127278713123 |Package ID. |
   ^^payment |object | |Payment info about this order. |
   ^^^currency |string |IDR |Currency for payment. |
   ^^^sub_total |string |5000 |Buyer paid sub-total of all the SKUs in the order.

`sub_total = original_total_product_price - seller_discount - platform_discount`
For the US market, this is pre-tax total amount. |
^^^shipping_fee |string |5000 |Buyer paid shipping fee.
`shipping_fee = original_shipping_fee - shipping_fee_seller_discount - shipping_fee_platform_discount`
For the US market, this is pre-tax total amount. |
^^^seller_discount |string |5000 |Product discount by seller. |
^^^platform_discount |string |5000 |Product discount by platform. |
^^^payment_platform_discount |string |10 |Discount applied to the order funded by a payment platform |
^^^payment_discount_service_fee |string |10 |Service fee as paid by the buyer to apply payment platform discount |
^^^total_amount |string |5000 |Buyer paid total payment.
`total_amount = sub_total + shipping_fee + taxes + retail_delivery_fee` |
^^^original_total_product_price |string |5000 |Total original price of the products (VAT included for cross-border shops).
For the US market, this is pre-tax total amount. |
^^^original_shipping_fee |string |5000 |Shipping fee before discount. |
^^^shipping_fee_seller_discount |string |5000 |Shipping fee discount provided by seller for an order that will not qualify for co-funded reimbursement. **Note**: If an order meets the minimum order value for co-funded reimbursement, this will be 0. In this case, refer to `shipping_fee_cofunded_discount` for the shipping discount the buyer received. |
^^^shipping_fee_platform_discount |string |5000 |Shipping fee discount provided by platform. |
^^^shipping_fee_cofunded_discount |string |5000 |Shipping fee discount provided by seller, eligible for co-funded reimbursement upon order delivery, based on Co-Funded Free Shipping program terms. **Note**: This will be 0 for orders that did not meet minimum order value for co-funded reimbursement. In this case, refer to `shipping_fee_seller_discount` for the shipping discount the buyer received. |
^^^tax |string |5000 |Buyer paid total taxes for the order. Applicable to both cross-border shops and the US market. |
^^^small_order_fee |string |3000 |Small order fee for TH (**Thailand market only**).
Small order fee means that the platform will set a minimum order spending amount. When the order amount is lower than the minimum order spending amount, the user needs to pay a small order fee to meet the platform minimum spending amount.
e.g. Minimum order spending amount is 100, order amount is 80. So the small order fee will be 20. |
^^^shipping_fee_tax |string |11 |The tax on the shipping price. |
^^^product_tax |string |21.3 |The tax on the total item price. |
^^^retail_delivery_fee |string |1.28 |Retail delivery fee (RDF).
**Note**: Only available in the US market. |
^^^buyer_service_fee |string |1000 |A service fee is charged on every transaction made. The charge is applied from the fifth order onwards and collected directly from customers during checkout. Only available in the Indonesia market. |
^^^handling_fee |string |1000 |A fee charged to the buyer to cover the additional processing, handling, and/or installment costs associated with the chosen payment method. |
^^^shipping_insurance_fee |string |1000 |The cost incurred by the buyer for coverage against loss or damage to goods during transit.
**Note**: Only available in the Indonesia market. |
^^^item_insurance_fee |string |1000 |The cost incurred by the buyers for coverage against defects or damage to the product after purchase.
**Note**: Only available in the US and Indonesia markets. |
^^^item_insurance_tax |string |10 |The tax paid on the insurance purchased by buyers.
Note: Only applicable in US market. |
^^^distance_shipping_fee |string |1000 |Distance shipping fee is fee that charged charged by our logistics partner and covers the separate distance-based cost for deliveries outside Java island as a part of Horizon+ Program.
Only applicable in ID Market. |
^^^distance_fee |string |2000 |Total distance fee for Horizon+ Program. Only applicable for ID market |
^^recipient_address |object | |`recipient_address` is not available under `UNPAID` and `ON_HOLD` statuses. |
^^^full_address |string |1199 Coleman Ave San Jose, CA 95110 |Complete recipient address information. |
^^^phone_number |string |(+1)213-***-1234 |Recipient telephone number.
**Note**: If this order uses platform logistics, the phone number will be desensitized. |
^^^name |string |David Kong |Recipient name.
**Note**: If this order uses platform logistics, the recipient name will be desensitized. |
^^^first_name |string |David |Recipient first name.
If the recipient first and last names are not provided separately, this parameter will have the same value as the `name` parameter. |
^^^last_name |string |Kong |Recipient last name.
If the recipient first and last names are not provided separately, this parameter will be empty. |
^^^first_name_local_script |string |ジョン |Recipient first name in katakana.
**Note**: Applicable only for the JP market. |
^^^last_name_local_script |string |ドゥ |Recipient last name in katakana.
**Note**: Applicable only for the JP market. |
^^^address_detail |string |Unit one building 8 |Full recipient detailed address. |
^^^address_line1 |string |TikTok 5800 bristol Pkwy |The first line of the street address. |
^^^address_line2 |string |Suite 100 |The second line of the street address. |
^^^address_line3 |string | |The third line of the street address. Usually only for the Brazilian market |
^^^address_line4 |string | |The fourth line of the street address. Usually only for the Brazilian market |
^^^district_info |[]object | |`district_info` is unavailable under `UNPAID` and `ON_HOLD` statuses. |
^^^^address_level_name |string |Country |The name of administrative division that can be used by the seller for shipping. e.g. state/county/city/district/town/etc. |
^^^^address_name |string |United Kingdom |Administrative area name. eg: London. |
^^^^address_level |string |L0 |Administrative district level code. Value can be L0/L1/L2/L3/L4. eg. US is L0. |
^^^^iso_code |string |VAN |ISO code of the administrative district level |
^^^delivery_preferences |object | |Contains all of the delivery instructions provided by the recipient for the shipping address. Currently, only available in the US market. |
^^^^drop_off_location |string |Front Door |Drop-off location selected by the recipient. |
^^^postal_code |string |95110 |The postal code that can be used by seller for shipping. For the US market, this refers to the ZIP Code. |
^^^region_code |string |US |Region code. |
^^^post_town |string |Ribbleton |Post town of the address
Note: Available only in UK market |
^^status |string |UNPAID |Specific order status.
Available values:

* `UNPAID`: The order has been placed, but payment has not been completed.
* `ON_HOLD`: The order has been accepted and is awaiting fulfillment. The buyer may still cancel without the seller’s approval. If `order_type=PRE_ORDER`, the product is still awaiting release so payment will only be authorized 1 day before the release, but the seller should start preparing for the release.
* `AWAITING_SHIPMENT`: The order is ready to be shipped, but no items have been shipped yet.
* `PARTIALLY_SHIPPING`: Some items in the order have been shipped, but not all.
* `AWAITING_COLLECTION`: Shipping has been arranged, but the package is waiting to be collected by the carrier.
* `IN_TRANSIT`: The package has been collected by the carrier and delivery is in progress.
* `DELIVERED`: The package has been delivered to the buyer.
* `COMPLETED`: The order has been completed, and no further returns or refunds are allowed.
* `CANCELLED`: The order has been cancelled. |
   ^^fulfillment_type |string |FULFILLMENT_BY_SELLER |Fulfillment type. Only orders with fulfillment type can be shipped by sellers.
   Available values:
* `FULFILLMENT_BY_SELLER`: a method where sellers fulfill orders directly from their own inventory, without using TikTok's fulfillment centers. In this model, the seller is responsible for storing, packaging, and shipping the products to customers.
* `FULFILLMENT_BY_TIKTOK`: a service offered by TikTok where sellers can send their products to TikTok's fulfillment centers. TikTok then takes care of storing, picking, packing, and shipping the products to customers.
* `FULFILLMENT_BY_DILAYANI_TOKOPEDIA`: a method where Tokopedia GoTo Logistics provides warehousing and logistics services to sellers and charges a fee for the service. |
   ^^delivery_type |string |HOME_DELIVERY |Indicates whether it is a Pick-Up Drop-Off (PUDO) location. The PUDO location is selected by the buyer when placing orders.
   Available values:
* `HOME_DELIVERY`: not a PUDO location
* `COLLECTION_POINT`: a PUDO location |
   ^^paid_time |int |1619611563 |The date and time that the order was paid. Unix timestamp. |
   ^^rts_sla_time |int |1619611688 |The latest shipping time specified by the platform. Unix timestamp. |
   ^^tts_sla_time |int |1619611761 |The latest collection time specified by the platform. Unix timestamp. |
   ^^cancel_reason |string |Pricing error |The cancellation reason. Please visit [our list of cancel reasons](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/67e61eee427345048595487d) for more information. |
   ^^update_time |int |1619621355 |Time of order status change. Unix timestamp. |
   ^^payment_method_name |string |CCDC |Payment method name, for display purposes. |
   ^^rts_time |int |1619611563 |The time sellers shipped the order (called [Ship Package API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa4f1defece02be6e7cb1) successfully). Unix timestamp. |
   ^^tracking_number |string |JX12345 |Tracking number. Available after the package has been shipped. |
   ^^split_or_combine_tag |string |COMBINED |Indicates whether the order is combined or split:
* `COMBINED`
* `SPLIT`

This field will be used in future fulfillment APIs. |
^^has_updated_recipient_address |bool |false |Whether the recipient address has been updated or changed. |
^^cancel_order_sla_time |int |1619621355 |The automatic cancellation time for orders specified by the platform.
Unix timestamp. |
^^warehouse_id |string |6955005333819123123 |Seller warehouse ID. |
^^request_cancel_time |int |1678389618 |Buyer request cancellation time. Unix timestamp. |
^^shipping_type |string |TIKTOK |Delivery method.
Available values:

* `TIKTOK`: Shipping service provided by TikTok. The seller should obtain shipping label from TikTok.
* `SELLER`: Seller provides shipping, including through 3rd party fulfillment providers on behalf of the seller.
* `TIKTOK_DIGITAL`: Tiktok delivers virtual goods directly to buyers. There is no action needed. |
   ^^user_id |string |7021436810468230477 |Buyer user ID. |
   ^^seller_note |string |seller note |The seller note from TikTok Shop Seller Center. |
   ^^delivery_sla_time |int |1678389618 |Order should arrive by this date to be considered on-time and to avoid late delivery penalties. |
   ^^is_cod |bool |false |This option is for sellers that accept cash payment on delivery (COD). Buyers will pay in cash upon receiving the package.

Default: FALSE
Only applicable to countries where COD is supported. |
^^delivery_option_id |string |7091146663229654785 |Delivery option ID is mapped to seller configured logistics templates ID. |
^^cancel_time |int |1678389618 |The time an order's status was updated to `CANCELLED`. Unix timestamp. |
^^need_upload_invoice |string |NEED_INVOICE |Whether an invoice needs to be uploaded and uploaded status (only for Brazil market).

* UNKNOWN: Currently unable to confirm whether an invoice is needed
* NEED_INVOICE: This order requires an invoice and the invoice has not been uploaded yet
* NO_NEED：This order does not require an invoice
* INVOICE_UPLOADED: The invoice for this order has been uploaded and verified. If the order is split, it will be marked as "uploaded" once any sub-order's invoice is uploaded.
* INVOICE_PROCESSING: The invoice for this order is currently being uploaded/cancelled. Please wait for the final result and do not repeat the operation |
   ^^delivery_option_name |string |Standard Shipping |Delivery option name. For display purposes only.
   Available values:
* `Economy Shipping`
* `Standard Shipping`
* `Express Shipping` |
   ^^cpf |string |3213-31231412 |CPF (invoice number), used to issue an invoice.

**Note**: Only available in the Brazil market. |
^^line_items |[]object | |Line item info list. |
^^^id |string |577086512123755123 |Line item ID. |
^^^sku_id |string |2729382476852921560 |SKU ID. |
^^^combined_listing_skus |[]object | |For a virtual bundle SKU, returns an array of related product SKUs that compose the virtual bundle. |
^^^^sku_id |string |2729382476852921123 |The original SKU ID related to the virtual bundle SKU. |
^^^^sku_count |int |1 |The quantity of original SKUs that compose the virtual bundle. |
^^^^product_id |string |1729582718312380456 |The original product ID related to the virtual bundle SKU. |
^^^^seller_sku |string |yellow-24-XL |The original seller SKU (which is defined by the seller) related to the virtual bundle SKU. |
^^^display_status |string |UNPAID |Available values:

* `UNPAID`: The order has been placed, but payment has not yet completed.
* `AWAITING_SHIPMENT`: The order is ready for shipment, but no items have been shipped yet.
* `AWAITING_COLLECTION`: Shipping has been arranged, but the package is waiting to be collected by the carrier.
* `IN_TRANSIT`: The package has been collected by the carrier and delivery is in progress.
* `DELIVERED`: The package has been delivered to the buyer.
* `COMPLETED`: The order has been completed, and no further returns or refunds are allowed.
* `CANCELLED`: The order has been cancelled. |
   ^^^product_name |string |Women's Winter Crochet Clothes |Product name. |
   ^^^seller_sku |string |red_iphone_256 |The seller stock keeping unit (SKU) of the item. |
   ^^^sku_image |string |https://p16-oec-va.itexeitg.com/tos-maliva-d-o5syd03w52-us/46123e87d14f40b69b839 |SKU image. |
   ^^^sku_name |string |Iphone |The name of the SKU, combined by product SKU attribute like size or color. e.g. "Black, 26"

|
^^^product_id |string |1729582718312380123 |Product ID. |
^^^sale_price |string |0.01 |Item sale price. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
^^^pfand_fee |string |1.50 |Deposit fee that is applied to certain products, typically beverage containers such as bottles or cans.
**Note** Only available in Germany market |
^^^platform_discount |string |0 |Platform discount amount. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
^^^seller_discount |string |0 |Seller discount amount. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
^^^sku_type |string |PRE_ORDER |[**Deprecated**: This field is deprecated and will be removed in a future API version. Use `order_type` instead.]
The order line type.
Possible values based on region:
**All regions**

* `NORMAL`: An item that is in stock and available for immediate purchase and fulfillment.
* `ZERO_LOTTERY`: An item purchased during a lottery event in TikTok LIVE.
* `SHOP_PARTNER`: An item purchased from a TikTok Shop partner store.

**US**

* `PRE_ORDER`: An item that is not yet available or released. Fulfillment starts on a specific date in the future.
* `MADE_TO_ORDER`: An item that is produced only after the order is received. Fulfillment starts after the product is produced.
   |
   ^^^cancel_reason |string |Discount not as expected |The cancellation reason. Please visit [our list of cancel reasons](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/67e61eee427345048595487d) for more information. |
   ^^^original_price |string |0.01 |Item original price. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
   ^^^rts_time |int |1678389618 |The time sellers shipped the order (called [Ship Package API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa4f1defece02be6e7cb1) successfully). Unix timestamp. |
   ^^^package_status |string |TO_FULFILL |The package status of the item.
   Available values:
* `TO_FULFILL`: Package awaiting seller to arrange shipment.
* `PROCESSING`: Shipping has been arranged by the seller. Awaiting carrier collection.
* `FULFILLING`: Package has been collected by carrier and is in transit.
* `COMPLETED`: Package has been delivered.
* `CANCELLED`: Package has been canceled. Normally, the package is canceled due to the package being lost or damaged. |
   ^^^currency |string |IDR |Currency for payment. |
   ^^^shipping_provider_name |string |TT Virtual express |The shipping provider name. |
   ^^^cancel_user |string |BUYER |Cancellation request initiator.
   Available values:
* `BUYER`
* `SELLER`
* `OPERATOR`
* `SYSTEM` |
   ^^^shipping_provider_id |string |6617675021119438849 |The shipping provider ID of the item. |
   ^^^is_gift |bool |false |Indicates whether the current order line item is a gift. |
   ^^^item_tax |[]object | |Item tax detail. |
   ^^^^tax_type |string |SALES_TAX |Tax type.
   Available values:
* `SALES_TAX` (US market sales tax)

**Note**: Currently only sales tax is available. |
^^^^tax_amount |string |21.2 |Tax amount. |
^^^^tax_rate |string |0.35 |Tax rate. |
^^^tracking_number |string |JX12345 |Tracking number. Available after package has been shipped. |
^^^package_id |string |1153132168123859123 |An order can contain one or more packages based on how the seller chooses to ship. Each package has a unique `package_id` and `tracking_id`. |
^^^retail_delivery_fee |string |1.28 |Retail delivery fee (RDF).
**Note**: Only available in the US market. |
^^^buyer_service_fee |string |1000 |A service fee is charged on every transaction made. The charge is applied from the fifth order onwards and collected directly from customers during checkout.
**Note**: Only available in the Indonesia market. |
^^^small_order_fee |string |5000 |Small order fee for Thailand (TH). |
^^^handling_duration_days |string |7 |[**Deprecated**: This field is deprecated and will be removed in a future API version. Use `handling_duration` instead.]
The number of business days required for the seller to process the order and hand it over to a shipping carrier after the order is placed.
Applicable only if the value for `sku_type` is `MADE_TO_ORDER`. |
^^^is_dangerous_good |bool |false |Whether the SKU is a hazmat item. When creating the label for a hazmat item, you must follow the platform rules to put certain items into one package. Please refer to the relationship between `sku_id` and `package_id` to determine how to follow platform rules. |
^^^needs_prescription |bool |false |A flag to indicate whether the included product requires a prescription. |
^^^gift_retail_price |string |20 |Retail price of the free item in orders Live giveaway, free sample and gift with purchase. For other orders, this field always returns 0.
This amount can be used for free samples and live giveaway order invoice in Brazil |
^^^is_unboxing_item |bool |false |If `true`, indicates the sku is a blind box item that will need be unboxed to reveal the actual product to the buyer. The actual product sku name and picture can also be updated to TikTok after the unboxing is completed.
Note: This is currently only available in the US market. |
^^^unboxing_sku_code |string |14531134 |A seller's third party sku code for the actual unboxed item, which warehouse fulfillment operations can reference to identify the accurate product they are shipping.
Note: This is currently only available in the US market. |
^^^sub_item_info |[]object | |Sub items represent skus that belong to a "virtual bundle" that has been defined by a seller. The sub_item_info will include all relevant information about each item that is required to be fulfilled as part of the virtual bundle.
Note: Each quantity of any sku has a unique sub_item_info "id", which allows the seller to perform line-level fulfillments, in the event the items are split across different warehouse locations. |
^^^^id |string |577086512123755123 |Line item id of the sub_item. This unique identifier can be used when performing split/line-level fulfillment events. |
^^^^sku_id |string |2729382476852921560 |SKU ID. |
^^^^display_status |string |UNPAID |Available values:

* `UNPAID`: The order has been placed, but payment has not yet completed.
* `AWAITING_SHIPMENT`: The order is ready for shipment, but no items have been shipped yet.
* `AWAITING_COLLECTION`: Shipping has been arranged, but the package is waiting to be collected by the carrier.
* `IN_TRANSIT`: The package has been collected by the carrier and delivery is in progress.
* `DELIVERED`: The package has been delivered to the buyer.
* `COMPLETED`: The order has been completed, and no further returns or refunds are allowed.
* `CANCELLED`: The order has been cancelled. |
   ^^^^product_name |string |Women's Winter Crochet Clothes |Product name. |
   ^^^^seller_sku |string |red_iphone_256 |The seller stock keeping unit (SKU) of the item. |
   ^^^^sku_image |string |https://p16-oec-va.itexeitg.com/tos-maliva-d-o5syd03w52-us/46123e87d14f40b69b839 |SKU image. |
   ^^^^sku_name |string |Iphone |The name of the SKU, combined by product SKU attribute like size or color. e.g. "Black, 26" |
   ^^^^product_id |string |1729582718312380123 |Product ID. |
   ^^^^sale_price |string |0.01 |Item sale price. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
   ^^^^platform_discount |string |0 |Platform discount amount. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
   ^^^^seller_discount |string |0 |Seller discount amount. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
   ^^^^cancel_reason |string |Discount not as expected |The cancellation reason. Please visit [our list of cancel reasons](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/67e61eee427345048595487d) for more information. |
   ^^^^original_price |string |0.01 |Item original price. Please refer to the currency of `payment_info`. |
   ^^^^rts_time |int |1678389618 |The time sellers shipped the order (called [Ship Package API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa4f1defece02be6e7cb1) successfully). Unix timestamp. |
   ^^^^package_status |string |TO_FULFILL |The package status of the item.
   Available values:
* `TO_FULFILL`: Package awaiting seller to arrange shipment.
* `PROCESSING`: Shipping has been arranged by the seller. Awaiting carrier collection.
* `FULFILLING`: Package has been collected by carrier and is in transit.
* `COMPLETED`: Package has been delivered.
* `CANCELLED`: Package has been canceled. Normally, the package is canceled due to the package being lost or damaged. |
   ^^^^currency |string |USD |Currency for payment. |
   ^^^^shipping_provider_name |string |TT Virtual express |The shipping provider name. |
   ^^^^cancel_user |string |BUYER |Cancellation request initiator.
   Available values:
* `BUYER`
* `SELLER`
* `OPERATOR`
* `SYSTEM` |
   ^^^^shipping_provider_id |string |6617675021119438849 |The shipping provider ID of the item. |
   ^^^^item_tax |[]object | |Item tax detail. |
   ^^^^^tax_type |string |SALES_TAX |Tax type.
   Available values:
* `SALES_TAX` (US market sales tax)

**Note**: Currently only sales tax is available. |
^^^^^tax_amount |string |21.2 |Tax amount. |
^^^^^tax_rate |string |0.35 |Tax rate. |
^^^^tracking_number |string |JX12345 |Tracking number. Available after package has been shipped. |
^^^^package_id |string |1153132168123859123 |An order can contain one or more packages based on how the seller chooses to ship. Each package has a unique `package_id` and `tracking_id`. |
^^^^retail_delivery_fee |string |1.28 |Retail delivery fee (RDF).
**Note**: Only available in the US market. |
^^^^is_dangerous_good |bool |false |Whether the SKU is a hazmat item. When creating the label for a hazmat item, you must follow the platform rules to put certain items into one package. Please refer to the relationship between `sku_id` and `package_id` to determine how to follow platform rules. |
^^^^warehouse_id |string |6955005333819123123 |Seller warehouse ID. |
^^^distance_shipping_fee |string |1000 |Distance shipping fee is fee that charged charged by our logistics partner and covers the separate distance-based cost for deliveries outside Java island as a part of Horizon+ Program.
Only applicable in ID Market. |
^^^distance_fee |string |2000 |Total distance fee for Horizon+ Program. Only applicable for ID market |
^^buyer_email |string |v2b2V5@chat.seller.tiktok.com |The anonymized email address of the buyer. It is not recommended to send messages directly to this email address. If you need to contact the buyer, please go to the TikTok Shop Seller Center - Buyer Messages page. |
^^delivery_due_time |int |1678389618 |If the order hasn't updated its status to `DELIVERED` before this time, the order will be automatically canceled by TikTok Shop. Unix timestamp. |
^^is_sample_order |bool |false |Use this field to determine whether the order is a sample order. |
^^shipping_due_time |int |1678389618 |If the order hasn't updated its status to `AWAITING_COLLECTION` before this time, the order will be automatically canceled by TikTok Shop. Unix timestamp. |
^^collection_due_time |int |1678389618 |If the order hasn't updated its status to `IN_TRANSIT` before this time, the order will be canceled by TikTok Shop. Unix timestamp. |
^^delivery_option_required_delivery_time |int |1678389618 | Order should be delivered before this time. Unix timestamp. |
^^is_on_hold_order |bool |false |Indicates whether the order has been changed to or will be updated to `ON_HOLD` status. |
^^delivery_time |int |1678389618 |The time an order's status changed to `DELIVERED`. Unix timestamp. |
^^is_replacement_order |bool |false |Whether this is a replacement order. |
^^collection_time |int |1678389618 |The time an order's status has been updated to `IN_TRANSIT`. Unix timestamp. |
^^replaced_order_id |string |576461416728782174 |The order Id for the order that is being replaced.
Returned only if `is_replacement_order = true`. |
^^is_buyer_request_cancel |bool |false |Whether the buyer has a pending cancellation request. |
^^pick_up_cut_off_time |int |1678389618 |To avoid LDR, you must ensure the package is picked up by this time. Only applicable in South East Asia regions.
|
^^fast_dispatch_sla_time |int |1678389618 |The latest collection time to gain incentives of NDD (Next Day Delivery) project. Unix timestamp.
**Note**: Only available in Thailand and the Philippines. |
^^commerce_platform |string |TIKTOK_SHOP |The platform where the order was placed.
Possible values:

* `TIKTOK_SHOP`
* `TOKOPEDIA`

**Note**: Available only in the Indonesia market. |
^^order_type |string |ZERO_LOTTERY |The order type.
Possible values based on region:
**All regions**

* `NORMAL`: An item that is in stock and available for immediate purchase and fulfillment.
* `ZERO_LOTTERY`: An order placed during a lottery event in TikTok LIVE.

**US**

* `PRE_ORDER`: An advance order for items that are not yet available or released. Fulfillment starts on a specific date in the future.
* `MADE_TO_ORDER`: An order for items that are produced only after the order is received. Fulfillment starts after the product is produced.
* `BACK_ORDER`: An order for items that are out of stock but expected to be restocked. Fulfillment starts after the product is restocked.
* `VIRTUAL_ORDER`: An order for items that are digital goods, requiring no physical delivery. Fulfillment is immediate or automated upon payment confirmation.

Returns an empty value for standard orders or other types that don't fall into the above categories. |
^^release_date |int |1619611762 |The date on which order handling starts and the status of the order changes to [AWAITING_SHIPMENT](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650b1b4bbace3e02b76d1011).
Applicable only if the `order_type` is `PRE_ORDER`. |
^^handling_duration |object | |The duration for the seller to process the order and hand it over to a shipping carrier after the order is placed.
Applicable only if the `order_type` is `MADE_TO_ORDER` or `BACK_ORDER`. |
^^^days |string |7 |The number of days. |
^^^type |string |BUSINESS_DAY |Indicates if the duration is calculated in calendar days or business days.
Possible values:

* `CALENDAR_DAY`: Represents consecutive days, including weekends and holidays.
* `BUSINESS_DAY`: Represents business days, excluding weekends and public holidays.
   Default: `BUSINESS_DAY` |
   ^^auto_combine_group_id |string |12345677 |An identifier assigned to orders from the same customer during a LIVE session to facilitate combined order shipping when "auto-combination" is activated in Seller Center. |
   ^^cpf_name |string |John Smith |Name belonging to the CPF number for the Brazil market.
   |
   ^^is_exchange_order |bool |false |When TRUE, this is an exchange order.

Note: Only available in US and UK. |
^^exchange_source_order_id |string |576461413038785752 |If the order is an exchange order, this field returns the original order's order ID, from which the exchange order was generated.
Returned only if is_exchange_order = true.
Note: Only available in US and UK. |
^^consultation_id |string |123456 |An ID to identify the corresponding ePharmacy consultation.
Applicable only if an ePharmacy consultation was initiated. Not applicable if the prescription was provided by the customer through an image upload. |
^^fast_delivery_program |string |3_DAY_DELIVERY |A badge presented on the merchandise to tell the buyer that the seller participates in the fast delivery program, such that the order should arrive in a promised time period.
Possible values:

* `3_DAY_DELIVERY`
   Not returned if order did not meet fast delivery
   program requirements.
   Note: Applicable only for the US market. |
   ^^fulfillment_priority_level |int |100 |Fulfillment priority value that can be used to prioritize shipping (only available in SEA)
   100 = Instant
   200 = Sameday 8 Hours
   300 = Sameday
   400 = Next Day Delivery
   500 = Express
   600 = Standard
   700 = Economy
   800 = Cargo |
   ^^recommended_shipping_time |int |1619611561 |Recommended time to ship based on the each LSP service type (only available in SEA) |
   ^^buyer_nickname |string |user213123 |The nickname of the TikTok buyer, which is defined by the TikTok user. The buyer_nickname can be used to identify the buyer when displaying the unboxing results within the TikTok Live Session. |
   ^^buyer_avatar |string |https://p16-oec-va.itexeitg.com/tos-maliva-d-o5syd03w52-us/46123e87d14f40b69b839 |The avatar of the TikTok buyer, which is defined by the TikTok user. The buyer_avatar can be used in conjunction with the buyer_nickname when displaying the unboxing results within the TikTok Live Session. |
   ^^order_rights |[]int |[1] |Order tag identifier if has certain rights within the order based on the program subscribed by sellers.
   1 = Shipping Fee Reimbursement Program
   2 = Horizon+ Program
   Applicable for SEA market only |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"next_page_token":"6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT","total_count":22113,"orders":[{"id":"576461413038785752","buyer_message":"Please ship asap!","cancellation_initiator":"SELLER","shipping_provider_id":"6617675021119438849","create_time":1619611561,"shipping_provider":"TT Virtual express","packages":[{"id":"1152321127278713123"}],"payment":{"currency":"IDR","sub_total":"5000","shipping_fee":"5000","seller_discount":"5000","platform_discount":"5000","payment_platform_discount":"10","payment_discount_service_fee":"10","total_amount":"5000","original_total_product_price":"5000","original_shipping_fee":"5000","shipping_fee_seller_discount":"5000","shipping_fee_platform_discount":"5000","shipping_fee_cofunded_discount":"5000","tax":"5000","small_order_fee":"3000","shipping_fee_tax":"11","product_tax":"21.3","retail_delivery_fee":"1.28","buyer_service_fee":"1000","handling_fee":"1000","shipping_insurance_fee":"1000","item_insurance_fee":"1000","item_insurance_tax":"10","distance_shipping_fee":"1000","distance_fee":"2000"},"recipient_address":{"full_address":"1199 Coleman Ave San Jose, CA 95110","phone_number":"(+1)213-***-1234","name":"David Kong","first_name":"David","last_name":"Kong","first_name_local_script":"ジョン","last_name_local_script":"ドゥ","address_detail":"Unit one building 8","address_line1":"TikTok 5800 bristol Pkwy","address_line2":"Suite 100","address_line3":" ","address_line4":" ","district_info":[{"address_level_name":"Country","address_name":"United Kingdom","address_level":"L0","iso_code":"VAN"}],"delivery_preferences":{"drop_off_location":"Front Door"},"postal_code":"95110","region_code":"US","post_town":"Ribbleton"},"status":"UNPAID","fulfillment_type":"FULFILLMENT_BY_SELLER","delivery_type":"HOME_DELIVERY","paid_time":1619611563,"rts_sla_time":1619611688,"tts_sla_time":1619611761,"cancel_reason":"Pricing error","update_time":1619621355,"payment_method_name":"CCDC","rts_time":1619611563,"tracking_number":"JX12345","split_or_combine_tag":"COMBINED","has_updated_recipient_address":false,"cancel_order_sla_time":1619621355,"warehouse_id":"6955005333819123123","request_cancel_time":1678389618,"shipping_type":"TIKTOK","user_id":"7021436810468230477","seller_note":"seller note","delivery_sla_time":1678389618,"is_cod":false,"delivery_option_id":"7091146663229654785","cancel_time":1678389618,"need_upload_invoice":"NEED_INVOICE","delivery_option_name":"Standard Shipping","cpf":"3213-31231412","line_items":[{"id":"577086512123755123","sku_id":"2729382476852921560","combined_listing_skus":[{"sku_id":"2729382476852921123","sku_count":1,"product_id":"1729582718312380456","seller_sku":"yellow-24-XL "}],"display_status":"UNPAID","product_name":"Women's Winter Crochet Clothes","seller_sku":"red_iphone_256","sku_image":"https://p16-oec-va.itexeitg.com/tos-maliva-d-o5syd03w52-us/46123e87d14f40b69b839","sku_name":"Iphone","product_id":"1729582718312380123","sale_price":"0.01","pfand_fee":"1.50","platform_discount":"0","seller_discount":"0","sku_type":"PRE_ORDER","cancel_reason":"Discount not as expected","original_price":"0.01","rts_time":1678389618,"package_status":"TO_FULFILL","currency":"IDR","shipping_provider_name":"TT Virtual express","cancel_user":"BUYER","shipping_provider_id":"6617675021119438849","is_gift":false,"item_tax":[{"tax_type":"SALES_TAX","tax_amount":"21.2","tax_rate":"0.35"}],"tracking_number":"JX12345","package_id":"1153132168123859123","retail_delivery_fee":"1.28","buyer_service_fee":"1000","small_order_fee":"5000","handling_duration_days":"7","is_dangerous_good":false,"needs_prescription":false,"gift_retail_price":"20","is_unboxing_item":false,"unboxing_sku_code":"14531134","sub_item_info":[{"id":"577086512123755123","sku_id":"2729382476852921560","display_status":"UNPAID","product_name":"Women's Winter Crochet Clothes","seller_sku":"red_iphone_256","sku_image":"https://p16-oec-va.itexeitg.com/tos-maliva-d-o5syd03w52-us/46123e87d14f40b69b839","sku_name":"Iphone","product_id":"1729582718312380123","sale_price":"0.01","platform_discount":"0","seller_discount":"0","cancel_reason":"Discount not as expected","original_price":"0.01","rts_time":1678389618,"package_status":"TO_FULFILL","currency":"USD","shipping_provider_name":"TT Virtual express","cancel_user":"BUYER","shipping_provider_id":"6617675021119438849","item_tax":[{"tax_type":"SALES_TAX","tax_amount":"21.2","tax_rate":"0.35"}],"tracking_number":"JX12345","package_id":"1153132168123859123","retail_delivery_fee":"1.28","is_dangerous_good":false,"warehouse_id":"6955005333819123123"}],"distance_shipping_fee":"1000","distance_fee":"2000"}],"buyer_email":"v2b2V5@chat.seller.tiktok.com","delivery_due_time":1678389618,"is_sample_order":false,"shipping_due_time":1678389618,"collection_due_time":1678389618,"delivery_option_required_delivery_time":1678389618,"is_on_hold_order":false,"delivery_time":1678389618,"is_replacement_order":false,"collection_time":1678389618,"replaced_order_id":"576461416728782174","is_buyer_request_cancel":false,"pick_up_cut_off_time":1678389618,"fast_dispatch_sla_time":1678389618,"commerce_platform":"TIKTOK_SHOP","order_type":"ZERO_LOTTERY","release_date":1619611762,"handling_duration":{"days":"7","type":"BUSINESS_DAY"},"auto_combine_group_id":"12345677","cpf_name":"John Smith","is_exchange_order":false,"exchange_source_order_id":"576461413038785752","consultation_id":"123456","fast_delivery_program":"3_DAY_DELIVERY","fulfillment_priority_level":100,"recommended_shipping_time":1619611561,"buyer_nickname":"user213123","buyer_avatar":"https://p16-oec-va.itexeitg.com/tos-maliva-d-o5syd03w52-us/46123e87d14f40b69b839","order_rights":[1]}]},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |