# Search Products

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-products-202502*

---

# Path: /product/202502/products/search
# Method: [POST]
# Function Description
Retrieve a list of products that meet the specified conditions.
This API will only return the key product properties. You can pass a returned product ID to the [Get Product API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509d85b4a0bb702c057fdda) to obtain more details about the product.

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
| page_size | int | Y | 100 | The number of results to be returned per page. |
| Valid range: [1-100] |  |  |  |  |
| page_token | string | N | b2Zmc2V0PTAK | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the `next_page_token` from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page. |
# Request Body Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| status | string | N | ALL | Filter products based on the product's base version. In other words, this filter does not apply to post-live drafts or edits. For example, `status=DRAFT` returns only unpublished products in the DRAFT state, not live products with an active draft. |
Possible values:

* ALL
* DRAFT
* PENDING
* FAILED
* ACTIVATE
* SELLER_DEACTIVATED
* PLATFORM_DEACTIVATED
* FREEZE
* DELETED
   Default: ALL |
   seller_skus |[]string |N |["Color-Red-XM001"] |Filter products by these seller SKU codes. |
   create_time_ge |int |N |1694309208 |Filter products to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.

**Note**:
`create_time_ge` and `create_time_le` together constitute the creation time filter condition.

* If `create_time_ge` is filled but `create_time_le` is empty, `create_time_le` will default to the current time.
* If `create_time_le` is filled but `create_time_ge` is empty, `create_time_ge` will default to the earliest shop time. |
   create_time_le |int |N |1694319208 |Filter products to show only those that are created on or before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.
   Refer to notes in `create_time_ge` for more usage information. |
   update_time_ge |int |N |1694319208 |Filter products to show only those that are updated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.

**Note**:
`update_time_ge` and `update_time_le` together define the update time filter condition.

* If `update_time_ge` is filled but `update_time_le` is empty, `update_time_le` will default to the current time.
* If `update_time_le` is filled but `update_time_ge` is empty, `update_time_ge` will default to the earliest shop time. |
   update_time_le |int |N |1694319208 |Filter products to show only those that are updated on or before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.
   Refer to notes in `update_time_ge` for more usage information. |
   category_version |string |N |v1 |Filter products by the category tree version.
   Possible values based on region:
* US: `v2`, represents the 7-level category tree.
* Other regions: `v1`, represents the 3-level category tree.
   Default: Return all products from both `v1` and `v2` category trees. |
   listing_quality_tiers |[]string |N |["POOR","FAIR"] |Filter products by their listing quality tier.
   Possible values:
* POOR
* FAIR
* GOOD
   Default: Returns all
   **Note**: Available only for the US market. |
   listing_platforms |[]string |N |["TIKTOK_SHOP"] |Filter products by the listing platforms.
   Possible values:
* TOKOPEDIA
* TIKTOK_SHOP
   Default: Return all products regardless of their listing platform.

Applicable only for sellers that migrated from Tokopedia.
**Note**:

* You must also specify a `status` value other than `ALL` when filtering by listing platforms. Returning all statuses is not supported.
* If you pass in one platform, the search will return products that are listed on that platform, including those that are listed on both platforms.
* If you pass in `["TIKTOK_SHOP", "TOKOPEDIA"]`, only products listed on both platforms will be returned, not those listed on just one. |
   audit_status |[]string |N |["AUDITING"] |Filter products by their audit status for TikTok Shop.
   Possible values:
* AUDITING: Returns products where the base version or a post-live edit is currently being audited.
* FAILED: Returns products where the base version or a post-live edit has failed audit, or had the audit cancelled.
* APPROVED: Returns products that passed the audit and has been listed on the platform. |
   sku_ids |[]string |N |["1729592969712207230"] |Filter products by SKU IDs.
   Max count: 10 |
   sns_filter |string |N |CONFIGURED |Filter products by their Subscribe and Save (SNS) status. Possible values:
* CONFIGURED
* ELIGIBLE |
   return_draft_version |bool |N |true |Filter products to show only those that have a draft.
* true: Returns products in their draft version only. Excludes those without a draft.
* false: Returns all products regardless of whether they have a draft.
   Default: false

**Note**: Applicable only if the product status filter is `ALL`, `DRAFT`, `ACTIVATE`, `SELLER_DEACTIVATED`, or `PLATFORM_DEACTIVATED`. |
# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202502/products/search?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY&page_size=100&page_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK
```

**Body**
```json
{"status":"ALL","seller_skus":["Color-Red-XM001"],"create_time_ge":1694309208,"create_time_le":1694319208,"update_time_ge":1694319208,"update_time_le":1694319208,"category_version":"v1","listing_quality_tiers":["POOR","FAIR"],"listing_platforms":["TIKTOK_SHOP"],"audit_status":["AUDITING"],"sku_ids":["1729592969712207230"],"sns_filter":"CONFIGURED","return_draft_version":true}
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^total_count | int | 200 | The total number of products that meet the query conditions. |
| ^products | []object |  | The list of products that meet the query conditions. |
| ^^id | string | 1729592969712207008 | The product ID generated by TikTok Shop. |
| ^^title | string | Short Boat Invisible Socks | The product title. |
| ^^status | string | ACTIVATE | The product status in TikTok Shop. |
| Possible values: |  |  |  |

* DRAFT
* PENDING
* FAILED
* ACTIVATE
* SELLER_DEACTIVATED
* PLATFORM_DEACTIVATED
* FREEZE
* DELETED

**Note**: For Indonesia sellers, if you did not set the listing platform as `TIKTOK_SHOP` when creating or editing a product, this will be omitted. |
^^skus |[]object | |A list of Stock Keeping Units (SKUs) used to identify distinct variants of the product. |
^^^id |string |1729592969712207012 |The SKU ID generated by TikTok Shop. |
^^^seller_sku |string |Color-Red-XM01 |An internal code/name for managing SKUs, not visible to buyers. |
^^^price |object | |SKU pricing information. |
^^^^currency |string |USD |The currency.
Possible values:

* BRL: Brazil
* EUR: France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Spain
* GBP: United Kingdom
* IDR: Indonesia
* JPY: Japan
* MXN: Mexico
* MYR: Malaysia
* PHP: Philippines
* SGD: Singapore
* THB: Thailand
* USD: United States
* VND: Vietnam |
   ^^^^tax_exclusive_price |string |111.01 |**Local sellers/Intra-EU sellers**
   The SKU's **local display price** shown on the product page before any discounts.

**Global sellers**
The SKU's **local pre-tax price**. This excludes any applicable charges such as cross-border shipping costs, taxes, and other fees, and therefore does not appear on the product page.
**Note**: Tax-exclusive pricing does not apply to the JP market, therefore this value is the same as `sale_price`. |
^^^^sale_price |string |121.11 |**Global sellers**
The SKU's **local display price** shown on the product page before any discounts. |
^^^inventory |[]object | |SKU inventory information.
**Note**: This field is not supported in post-live drafts, therefore the values here will always reflect those in the base version, even if you set `return_draft_version=true`. |
^^^^warehouse_id |string |7068517275539719942 |The ID of the warehouse where the SKU is stored.
Retrieve details of the warehouse from the [Get Warehouse List API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa418defece02be6e66b6). |
^^^^quantity |int |999 |The total SKU quantity available in the warehouse.
Valid range: [1, 99,999]
Note: This quantity specifically refers to the in-stock inventory that can be shipped immediately. |
^^^^backorder_quantity |int |888 |The `backorder_quantity` will automatically be converted to `quantity` once in-stock inventory is sold out. The fulfillment of this inventory follows the `handling_time` specified below.
Note: Made-to-order (MTO), pre-order, and custom products cannot be backordered, and thus are incompatible with backorder_quantity. |
^^^^handling_time |int |5 |The estimated number of working days needed for a backorder to be shipped. Currently, different warehouses for the same SKU are not allowed to have different `handling_time` |
^^^list_price |object | |The SKU's list price information that has been verified to be legitimate by the audit team. This is equivalent to the manufacturer's suggested retail price (MSRP), or the recommended retail price (RRP).
Applicable only for the US market.
**Note**:

* This field will be empty or display the last verified price if the submitted price fails verification.
* This value may appear as the strikethrough price on the product page. However, whether the strikethrough price is shown and the amount shown are subject to the audit team's review and decision based on various pricing information. |
   ^^^^amount |string |1 |The price amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |USD |The currency.
   Possible values: USD |
   ^^^external_list_prices |[]object | |The SKU list price (e.g. MSRP, RRP) or original price information on external ecommerce platforms.
   Applicable only for selected sellers in the US market.

**Note**: This value may appear as the strikethrough price on the product page. However, whether the strikethrough price is shown and the amount shown are subject to the audit team's review and decision based on various pricing information. |
^^^^source |string |SHOPIFY_COMPARE_AT_PRICE |The external ecommerce platform from which the price is sourced.
Possible values:

* SHOPIFY_COMPARE_AT_PRICE: The compare_at_price in Shopify. |
   ^^^^amount |string |1 |The price amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |USD |The currency.
   Possible values: USD |
   ^^^pre_sale |object | |SKU presale information, used to tag a product as a presale product based on its presale type.

If this is not returned, it indicates that the product is a regular non-presale item. |
^^^^type |string |PRE_ORDER |The type of pre-sale.
Possible values based on the region:
**US**

* `PRE_ORDER`: The product is not yet available or released. Fulfillment can be extended by specifying a release date.
* `MADE_TO_ORDER`: The product is produced only after the order is received. Fulfillment can be extended by specifying a duration.
* `CUSTOM`: The product requires a fulfillment timeline that exceeds the standard due to other factors. Fulfillment can be extended by specifying a duration.

**UK, EU, SEA, JP, and LATAM**

* `PRE_ORDER`: The product is not yet available or released. Fulfillment can be extended by specifying a duration. |
   ^^^^fulfillment_type |object | |Information about the type of pre-sale order fulfillment and the corresponding timeframe.
* `handling_duration_days` is for fulfillment with an extended duration.
* `release_date` is for starting fulfillment on a fixed date. |
   ^^^^^handling_duration_days |int |7 |The desired duration for handling a pre-sale order and handing it over to a shipping carrier.

Applicable only for the following regions and pre-sale type:
**US**

* `MADE_TO_ORDER`: Business days
* `CUSTOM`: Business days

**UK, EU, SEA, JP, and LATAM**

* `PRE_ORDER`: Calendar days |
   ^^^^^release_date |int |1619611761 |The date on which the product gets converted into a regular product and becomes available for general purchase. On this date, order handling will also start, changing the status of the order to [AWAITING_SHIPMENT](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650b1b4bbace3e02b76d1011).

Applicable only for `PRE_ORDER` in the US.
**Note**: This date is a unix timestamp (seconds) based on the seller-selected timezone in Seller Center. |
^^^status_info |object | |Status information of the SKU. |
^^^^status |string |DEACTIVATED |The SKU status in TikTok Shop.
Possible values:

* NORMAL
* DEACTIVATED |
   ^^^^deactivation_source |string |PLATFORM |The deactivation source of the SKU with `DEACTIVATED` status.
   Possible values:
* SELLER: Indicates that the seller deactivated the SKU
* PLATFORM: Indicates that the platform de-activated the SKU due to violation reasons
* COMBO_RELATION: Indicates that the platform de-activated the combined-SKU due to the deactivation of sub-SKU. |
   ^^^fees |[]object | |The fees required for this product based on TikTok Shop policies. Fees are required only for certain product categories, retrieve the requirements from the [Get Category Rules API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509c0febace3e02b74594a9). |
   ^^^^type |string |PFAND |The type of fee.
   Possible values: PFAND |
   ^^^^amount |string |1.01 |The fee amount.
   Valid range:
* PFAND: [0.00 - 6300.00] |
   ^^^^additional_attribute |string |SINGLE_USE |An optional attribute that provides additional context for the fee. The accepted values may vary by fee type and market.

Possible values for Pfand:

* SINGLE_USE
* REUSABLE
* NOT_APPLICABLE |
   ^^sales_regions |[]string |["US"] |The regions where the product is sold.
   Possible values:
* BR: Brazil
* DE: Germany
* ES: Spain
* FR: France
* GB: United Kingdom
* ID: Indonesia
* IE: Ireland
* IT: Italy
* JP: Japan
* MX: Mexico
* MY: Malaysia
* PH: Philippines
* SG: Singapore
* TH: Thailand
* US: United States
* VN: Vietnam |
   ^^create_time |int |1234567890 |The time when the product is created.
   Unix timestamp. |
   ^^update_time |int |1234567800 |The time when the product is last updated.
   Unix timestamp. |
   ^^product_sync_fail_reasons |[]string |["The required qualification is missed."] |The reasons why synchronizing of global product information to local products failed.
   Only applicable for cross-border sellers. |
   ^^is_not_for_sale |bool |true |A flag indicating whether the product is not for sale.
   True: Not for sale.
   False: For sale. |
   ^^recommended_categories |[]object | |Recommended categories for the product based on the product title, description, and images. |
   ^^^id |string |853000 |The ID of the recommended category. |
   ^^^local_name |string |Botol & Stoples Penyimpanan |The name of the category in the country where the shop operates. |
   ^^listing_quality_tier |string |POOR |The current quality tier of this product listing. The quality tier of a product listing depends on the quality of the content in its product fields such as the title, image, attributes etc.

Possible values:

* POOR
* FAIR
* GOOD

**Note**: Available only for the US market. |
^^integrated_platform_statuses |[]object | |The current status of the product on platforms that are natively integrated with TikTok Shop (e.g. TOKOPEDIA).
**Note**: For Indonesia sellers, if you did not set the listing platform as `TOKOPEDIA` when creating or editing a product, this will be omitted. |
^^^platform |string |TOKOPEDIA |The integrated platform name.
Possible values:

* TOKOPEDIA |
   ^^^status |string |PLATFORM_DEACTIVATED |The product status in the integrated platform.
   Possible values:
* DRAFT
* PENDING
* FAILED
* ACTIVATE
* SELLER_DEACTIVATED
* PLATFORM_DEACTIVATED
* FREEZE
* DELETED |
   ^^audit |object | |Product audit information for TikTok Shop. |
   ^^^status |string |AUDITING |The product audit status.
   Possible values:
* NONE: The product is not applicable for audit as it is still in a draft, frozen, or deactivated state.
* AUDITING: The product is currently being audited.
* FAILED: The product failed the audit, or the audit was cancelled.
* PRE_APPROVED: The product has passed the audit but is not yet listed due to pending prerequisites.
* APPROVED: The product passed the audit and has been listed on the platform. |
   ^^^pre_approved_reasons |[]string |["KYC_PENDING"] |The reason why the product is pre-approved.
   Applicable only if `audit.status=PRE_APPROVED`, otherwise returns an empty array.
   Possible values:
* KYC_PENDING: The seller's onboarding (KYC - Know Your Customer information) is incomplete or awaiting processing.
* RESTRICTED_CATEGORY_PENDING: The product is in a restricted category, and category approval is still pending. To request access, submit an application through the Qualification Center on TikTok Shop Seller Center. Applicable only for the US market. |
   ^^product_families |[]object | |The **live** product family that this product belongs to. A product family is a virtual group of products that share common characteristics (such as flavor, version, or size), allowing them to appear as selectable variations on the product page.
   **Note**:
* Applicable only for US local sellers.
* Omitted if this product does not belong to any product family. |
   ^^^id |string |1000592969712207000 |The product family ID. |
   ^^^products |[]object | |A list of products that belong to the family. |
   ^^^^id |string |1729592969712207008 |The product ID. |
   ^^has_draft |bool |true |A flag to indicate if the product has a draft.
* true: It has a draft.
* false: It does not have a draft.
   Use Get Product with `return_draft_version=true` to obtain full details of the draft. |
   ^^scheduled_sale |object | |Scheduled listing configuration for the product, including whether scheduled listing is enabled and the scheduled listing time. |
   ^^^is_enabled_scheduled_sale |bool |false |Whether scheduled listing is enabled for this product. If true, scheduled_sale_time must be provided. |
   ^^^schedule_sale_time |int |1768899145000 |Scheduled listing time, expressed as a Unix timestamp in milliseconds; must be later than the current time and within 90 days, and is required when is_enabled_scheduled_sale is true. |
   ^next_page_token |string |b2Zmc2V0PTAK |An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Provide this value in the `page_token` parameter of your request if the current response does not return all the results. |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"total_count":200,"products":[{"id":"1729592969712207008","title":"Short Boat Invisible Socks","status":"ACTIVATE","skus":[{"id":"1729592969712207012","seller_sku":"Color-Red-XM01","price":{"currency":"USD","tax_exclusive_price":"111.01","sale_price":"121.11"},"inventory":[{"warehouse_id":"7068517275539719942","quantity":999,"backorder_quantity":888,"handling_time":5}],"list_price":{"amount":"1","currency":"USD"},"external_list_prices":[{"source":"SHOPIFY_COMPARE_AT_PRICE","amount":"1","currency":"USD"}],"pre_sale":{"type":"PRE_ORDER","fulfillment_type":{"handling_duration_days":7,"release_date":1619611761}},"status_info":{"status":"DEACTIVATED","deactivation_source":"PLATFORM"},"fees":[{"type":"PFAND","amount":"1.01","additional_attribute":"SINGLE_USE"}]}],"sales_regions":["US"],"create_time":1234567890,"update_time":1234567800,"product_sync_fail_reasons":["The required qualification is missed."],"is_not_for_sale":true,"recommended_categories":[{"id":"853000","local_name":"Botol \u0026 Stoples Penyimpanan"}],"listing_quality_tier":"POOR","integrated_platform_statuses":[{"platform":"TOKOPEDIA","status":"PLATFORM_DEACTIVATED"}],"audit":{"status":"AUDITING","pre_approved_reasons":["KYC_PENDING"]},"product_families":[{"id":"1000592969712207000","products":[{"id":"1729592969712207008"}]}],"has_draft":true,"scheduled_sale":{"is_enabled_scheduled_sale":false,"schedule_sale_time":1768899145000}}],"next_page_token":"b2Zmc2V0PTAK"},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 12019027 | The maximum count of “seller_skus” in the search filter is 10. |
| 12019087 | The number of SKU IDs exceeds the limit of 10 |
| 12019108 | page number is invalid |
| 12019109 | page size is invalid |
| 12019118 | search create time invalid |
| 12019119 | search update time invalid |
| 12052180 | The total number of search results can not exceed 10000. |
| 12052700 | The seller is inactive. |
| 12052704 | seller id not exist |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |
| 12052910 | Invalid input parameters. Refer to the API documentation for details. |