# Search Creator Affiliate Orders

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-creator-affiliate-orders-202410*

---

# Path: /affiliate_creator/202410/orders/search
# Method: [POST]
# Function Description
Search Creator Affiliate Orders
This API allows the partner to retrieve a list of affiliate orders generated by a creator, returning the order ID and the product ID. Using this, the partner can track their affiliate-conversions on behalf of a creator, using the order ID.

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
| page_token | string | N | b2Zmc2V0PTAK | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the `next_page_token` from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page. |
| page_size | int | Y | 20 | The number of results to be returned per page. Default: 20 |
| Valid Range: [1-100] |  |  |  |  |
# Request Body Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| create_time_ge | int | N | 1719807456 | Filter orders to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp. |
| Note: |  |  |  |  |
| `create_time_ge` and `create_time_lt` together constitute the creation time filter condition. |  |  |  |  |

* If `create_time_ge` is filled but `create_time_lt` is empty, `create_time_lt` will default to the current time.
* If `create_time_lt` is filled but `create_time_ge` is empty, `create_time_ge` will default to the earliest shop time. |
   create_time_lt |int |N |1728443155 |Filter orders to show only those that are created before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.
   Refer to notes in `create_time_ge` for more usage information. |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate_creator/202410/orders/search?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&page_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&page_size=20
```

**Body**
```json
{"create_time_ge":1719807456,"create_time_lt":1728443155}
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^orders | []object |  | The order resource. |
| ^^id | string | 789078671231123124 | The order identifier. |
| ^^create_time | int | 1685548800 | Time and date of order created, UTC+0 timing |
| ^^delivery_time | int | 1685548800 | Time and date order delivered, UTC+0 timing |
| ^^status | string | SETTLED | The current status of the order. Possible options are: |

* UNSPECIFIED: The status of the order is undefined. It might be updated later.
* AWAITING PAYMENT：The order hasn't been paid yet, only estimated commission is available
* To-SETTLE：The order is waiting for settlement, only estimated commission is available
* SETTLED: The commission of the order is already settled.
* REFUNDED: The order has been returned/refunded/canceled by the buyer, and no commission will be settled.
* FROZEN: Possible fraud has been detected regarding the order. The commission will be unfrozen after the fraud is resolved. |
   ^^skus |[]object | |A list of SKUs associated with the order. |
   ^^^id |string |1729793769377925388 |The SKU identifier. |
   ^^^campaign_id |string |73661290629 |The campaign identifier associated with the order. |
   ^^^open_collaboration_id |string |73661290629 |The open collaboration identifier associated with the order. |
   ^^^target_collaboration_id |string |73661290629 |The target collaboration identifier associated with the order. |
   ^^^product_name |string |black_suit |The product name in the TikTok Shop. |
   ^^^product_id |string |1729793769377859852 |The product identifier. |
   ^^^price |object | |An object representing the localized price of the product. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp9.900 |The value of the price associated with the product. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code of the price associated with the product. |
   ^^^shop_name |string |TestCase idl2l |The name of the TIkTok Shop in which the product is offered for sale. |
   ^^^content_type |string |LIVE |The content format of the creator content through which the order was created.
   Possible values:
* SHOP
* VIDEO
* LIVE
* PRE_LIVE
* PROMOTION_PAGE
* LINKSHARE |
   ^^^content_id |string |7493990579714164574 |The content identifier for the creator content through which the order was created. |
   ^^^quantity |int |2 |The total number of SKUs per order, calculated by aggregating the number of ordered product SKUs associated with the order. |
   ^^^commission_rate |int |1000 |The total commission rate of this SKU, equal to the sum of standard commission rate + shop ads commission rate + bonus rate + reward rate. Expressed in units of hundredths of a percent formatted as a string. The percent sign % is not included in the string. For example, 3000 represents a 30% commission. |
   ^^^commission_tier_setting |string |3.0 OR 5.0 |Between Seller & Creator percentagecommission. When tiering commission model applied, will return each tier's commission rate seller set. |
   ^^^commission_model |string |Tiered commission |Determine order commission be calculated based on fixed commission model or tiering
   model |
   ^^^commission_bonus_rate |int |1000 |The commission bonus rate associated with the collaboration. Expressed in units of hundredths of a percent formatted as a string. The percent sign % is not included in the string. For example, 3000 represents a 30% commission. |
   ^^^estimated_commission_base |object | |An object representing the estimated base commission at the time of order creation. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp9.900 |The estimated commission base amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^standard_commission_rate |int |5000 |The standard affiliate commission rate associated with the collaboration. Expressed in units of hundredths of a percent formatted as a string. The percent sign % is not included in the string. For example, 3000 represents a 30% commission. |
   ^^^shop_ads_commission_rate |int |5000 |The commission rate received by a creator for a sale associated with a specific piece of content. Expressed in units of hundredths of a percent formatted as a string. The percent sign % is not included in the string. For example, 3000 represents a 30% commission. |
   ^^^estimated_bonus_commission |object | |An object representing the estimated bonus commission, calculated by multiplying the estimated commission base by the commission bonus rate. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp1.00 |The estimated bonus commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^estimated_standard_commission |object | |An object representing the estimated shop ads commission, calculated by multiplying the estimated commission base by the standard_commission_rate |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp8.000 |The estimated standard commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^estimated_shop_ads_commission |object | |An object representing the estimated shop ads commission, calculated by multiplying the estimated commission base by the shop_ads_commission_rate |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp8.000 |The estimated shop ads commission rate. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^estimated_commission |object | |The estimated creator commission, calculated by multiplying the product sales price by the total number of products at the time of order creation. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp1.980 |The estimated commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^actual_commission |object | |Represents the final earnings of this sku, calculated by multiplying the actual commission base by the total commission rate, and then deducting the taxes or revenue sharing with the agency amount. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp1.900 |The actual commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^actual_bonus_commission |object | |An object representing the actual bonus commission, calculated by multiplying the actual commission base by the commission bonus rate. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp2.000 |The actual bonus commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^actual_commission_base |object | |An object representing the actual commission base, calculated by multiplying the product sale price by the number of products sold, subtracting returned and refunded orders. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp9.900 |The value of the actual commission base. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^actual_standard_commission |object | |An object representing the actual standard affiliate commission, calculated by multiplying the commission base by the standard_commission_rate. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp5.000 |The actual standard commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^actual_shop_ads_commission |object | |An object representing the actual shop ads commission, calculated by multiplying the commission base by the shop_ads_commission_rate. |
   ^^^^amount |string |Rp5.000 |The actual shop ads commission amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^returned_quantity |int |1 |The total number of returned SKUs associated with the order. |
   ^^^refunded_quantity |int |0 |The total number of refunded SKUs associated with the order. |
   ^^^tag |string |test-01 |A field for storing user-defined metadata for tracking purposes. |
   ^^^creator_commission_reward_rate |int |1000 |The commission reward rate affiliate partners allocate to creators |
   ^^^estimated_creator_commission_reward_fee |object | |Estimated creator commission reward fee. |
   ^^^^amount |string |250 |The estimated fee creators receive from affiliate partners through commission rewards |
   ^^^^currency |string |IDR |The currency code. |
   ^^^actual_creator_commission_reward_fee |object | |Actual creator commission reward fee. |
   ^^^^amount |string |100 |The actual fee creators receive from affiliate partners through commission rewards |
   ^^^^currency |string |IRD |The currency code. |
   ^^^isr |object | |Only for Mexico creator, platform collected related revenue taxes on behalf of government based on regulation. |
   ^^^^amount |string |100 |The actual isr amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IRD |The currency code. |
   ^^^iva |object | |Only for Mexico creator, platform collected related revenue taxes on behalf of government based on regulation. |
   ^^^^amount |string |100 |The actual iva amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IRD |The currency code. |
   ^^^pit |object | |Only for VN/TH/PH/ID creators, sellers collect related withholding taxes based on regulation. |
   ^^^^amount |string |100 |The actual pit amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IRD |The currency code. |
   ^^^shared_with_partner |object | |The parts of after-taxes creator revenue which need to be shared with CAP based on the fee agreement |
   ^^^^amount |string |100 |The actual shared with partner amount. |
   ^^^^currency |string |IRD |The currency code. |
   ^^^trace_info |object | |Extra information for tracing purposes. |
   ^^^^id |string |15678763 |When `trace.type==GENERAL`, the value is {eid} you provided in `sharing_link`; when `trace.type==SPECIFIC`, the value is the same as `publisher_id`. |
   ^^^^type |string |SPECIFIC |For the orders coming from the sharing links for specific publishers, the value is `SPECIFIC`; for the orders coming from the general sharing links, the value is `GENERAL`. |
   ^^^last_update_time |int |1685548800 |The time when the record was last updated. |
   ^next_page_token |string |b2Zmc2V0PTEw |An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. |
   ^total_count |int |10 |Total count of orders in the response. |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"orders":[{"id":"789078671231123124","create_time":1685548800,"delivery_time":1685548800,"status":"SETTLED","skus":[{"id":"1729793769377925388","campaign_id":"73661290629","open_collaboration_id":"73661290629","target_collaboration_id":"73661290629","product_name":"black_suit","product_id":"1729793769377859852","price":{"amount":"Rp9.900","currency":"IDR"},"shop_name":"TestCase idl2l","content_type":"LIVE","content_id":"7493990579714164574","quantity":2,"commission_rate":1000,"commission_tier_setting":"3.0 OR 5.0","commission_model":"Tiered commission","commission_bonus_rate":1000,"estimated_commission_base":{"amount":"Rp9.900","currency":"IDR"},"standard_commission_rate":5000,"shop_ads_commission_rate":5000,"estimated_bonus_commission":{"amount":"Rp1.00","currency":"IDR"},"estimated_standard_commission":{"amount":"Rp8.000","currency":"IDR"},"estimated_shop_ads_commission":{"amount":"Rp8.000","currency":"IDR"},"estimated_commission":{"amount":"Rp1.980","currency":"IDR"},"actual_commission":{"amount":"Rp1.900","currency":"IDR"},"actual_bonus_commission":{"amount":"Rp2.000","currency":"IDR"},"actual_commission_base":{"amount":"Rp9.900","currency":"IDR"},"actual_standard_commission":{"amount":"Rp5.000","currency":"IDR"},"actual_shop_ads_commission":{"amount":"Rp5.000","currency":"IDR"},"returned_quantity":1,"refunded_quantity":0,"tag":"test-01","creator_commission_reward_rate":1000,"estimated_creator_commission_reward_fee":{"amount":"250","currency":"IDR"},"actual_creator_commission_reward_fee":{"amount":"100","currency":"IRD"},"isr":{"amount":"100","currency":"IRD"},"iva":{"amount":"100","currency":"IRD"},"pit":{"amount":"100","currency":"IRD"},"shared_with_partner":{"amount":"100","currency":"IRD"},"trace_info":{"id":"15678763","type":"SPECIFIC"},"last_update_time":1685548800}]}],"next_page_token":"b2Zmc2V0PTEw","total_count":10},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |