# Get Transactions by Order

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-transactions-by-order-202501*

---

# Path: /finance/202501/orders/{order_id}/statement_transactions
# Method: [GET]
# Function Description
Retrieves the SKU-level details of an order transaction. This covers transactions related to sales, fees, commissions, shipping, taxes, and refunds.
Applicable for all regions' sellers. Only data after 2023-07-01 is available (Please note that for US cross-border sellers, data before 2025-04-30 is unavailable).

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Path Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| order_id | string | Y | 5793990727963214852 | The order ID in TikTok Shop. |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202501/orders/5793990727963214852/statement_transactions?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^order_id | string | 5793990727963214852 | The order ID in TikTok Shop. |
| ^order_create_time | int | 1685548800 | The creation time of the order. Unix timestamp. |
| ^currency | string | GBP | The three-digit currency code in ISO 4217 format. |
| ^revenue_amount | string | 200 | The revenue amount for the order at the time of order settlement. This is equivalent to the net sales amount. |
| ^fee_and_tax_amount | string | -30 | The fees and taxes charged by the platform for the order at the time of order settlement. Shipping-related costs are excluded. |
| ^shipping_cost_amount | string | -70 | The shipping costs for the order at the time of order settlement. |
| ^settlement_amount | string | 130 | The settlement amount for the order. |
Formula: revenue_amount - shipping_cost_amount - fee_tax_amount |
^sku_transactions |[]object | |The list of SKU transaction records for the order. |
^^sku_id |string |1636700041413599290 |The SKU ID in TikTok Shop. |
^^sku_name |string |Test SKU name |The SKU name. |
^^statement_id |string |7238804564097517339 |The statement ID. |
^^product_name |string |Test Product name |The product title. |
^^quantity |string |1 |The SKU quantity included in the order settlement. |
^^settlement_amount |string |130 |The settlement amount for the SKU. |
^^revenue_amount |string |200 |The revenue amount at the time of order settlement. This is equivalent to the sum of all amounts in `revenue_breakdown`. |
^^revenue_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `revenue_amount`. |
^^^subtotal_before_discount_amount |string |210 |The total price of all order items before any seller discounts and platform discounts are deducted. This is equivalent to the shop's gross sales. |
^^^seller_discount_amount |string |-10 |The total amount of discounts funded by the seller, including:

* Seller promotions (Product Discount, Flash Deal, Buy More Save More, Voucher and Bundle Deal)
* Seller's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns
* Seller discounts during a campaign |
   ^^^refund_subtotal_before_discount_amount |string |0 |The total price of all refunded items before any seller discounts. This is equivalent to the shop's gross sales refund. |
   ^^^seller_discount_refund_amount |string |0 |Discounts returned to the sellers due to returns or refunds. |
   ^^^cod_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The cash on delivery service fees charged to buyers.
   Applicable only for Saudi Arabia. |
   ^^^refund_cod_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The refund for cash on delivery service fees.
   Applicable only for Saudi Arabia. |
   ^^^distant_item_fee_amount |string |0 |The distance fee for items paid by the customer. With your current settings for Horizon+ Program, this fee is included in product price for orders with shipping out of Java island. |
   ^^shipping_cost_amount |string |-70 |The shipping costs at the time of order settlement. This is equivalent to the sum of all contributory amounts in `shipping_cost_breakdown`. |
   ^^shipping_cost_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `shipping_cost_amount`. |
   ^^^actual_shipping_fee_amount |string |-50 |The actual shipping fee calculated based on the weight/dimensions measured by the carrier. For details, check `shipping_cost_breakdown.supplementary_component`. |
   ^^^shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee subsidies and incentives provided by the platform. This includes all subsidies regardless of fulfillment channels or policies. For details, check `shipping_cost_breakdown.supplementary_component`. |
   ^^^customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |The actual shipping fee borne by the customer, calculated based on the product weight uploaded by the seller. Negative numbers refer to the refunded amount of customer-paid shipping fees |
   ^^^return_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of returns. |
   ^^^replacement_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of goods replacement.
   Applicable only for Indonesia. |
   ^^^exchange_shipping_fee_amount |string |5 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of goods exchange.
   Applicable only for Indonesia. |
   ^^^signature_confirmation_fee_amount |string |5 |The fee incurred for packages requiring signature confirmation services |
   ^^^shipping_insurance_fee_amount |string |0 |The shipping insurance fee incurred by the seller for purchasing additional TikTok shipping insurance services. |
   ^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount |string |5 |A reimbursement from TikTok Shop for Fulfilled by TikTok (FBT) orders that don't qualify for free shipping.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^return_shipping_label_fee_amount |string |5 |The fee borne by the customer to cover the cost of return labels. This fee is collected on the seller's behalf and settled according to the agreed payment terms. |
   ^^^seller_self_shipping_service_fee_amount |string |5 |A service fee charged for orders shipped through your own logistics provider. Applies to packages that don't meet the exemption criteria. |
   ^^^return_shipping_fee_paid_buyer_amount |string |5 |Reimbursement for the shipping fees paid by customers to return packages |
   ^^^failed_delivery_subsidy_amount |string |5 |For shipping fee from failed deliveries, you pay up to a standard rate, and TikTok Shop covers the remaining amount. |
   ^^^fbt_free_shipping_fee_amount |string |5 |This is the fee that you cover when offering customers free shipping through FBT. |
   ^^^free_return_subsidy_amount |string |5 |Reimbursement for the platform-funded portion of return shipping fees, as part of the free returns offered to customers. |
   ^^^distant_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |The distance fee for shipping paid by the customer. With your current settings for Horizon+ Program, this fee is included in product price for orders with shipping out of Java island. |
   ^^^supplementary_component |object | |Supplementary costs for your reference. These amounts do not directly contribute to `shipping_cost_amount`. |
   ^^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount |string |5 |(**Deprecated**: This field is deprecated and will return an empty string. Please refer to `shipping_cost_breakdown.fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount` instead for the relevant details.) |
   ^^^^platform_shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |20 |The shipping fee discount provided in accordance with a campaign policy. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`. |
   ^^^^promo_shipping_incentive_amount |string |0 |The additional shipping incentive that the seller will receive if the seller signed up for the Co-Funded Free Shipping Program. A negative amount indicates a reversal of incentives due to order refunds attributed to the seller's responsibility. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`. |
   ^^^^shipping_fee_subsidy_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee subsidy funded by the platform for seller shipping. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`.
* Positive amount represents a subsidy received by the seller.
* Negative amount represents a subsidy that the seller must return to TikTok Shop. |
   ^^^^seller_shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee discount provided by sellers. |
   ^^^^fbt_shipping_cost_amount |string |-30 |The shipping fee incurred by the seller for orders fulfilled by TikTok (FBT). This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`.
   Applicable only for EU and UK. |
   ^^^^customer_shipping_fee_offset_amount |string |-6.99 |The fee to offset TikTok Shop Shipping Incentive or customer-paid shipping fee, resulting in a net charge of $0 to the seller.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^^fbm_shipping_cost_amount |string |30 |The shipping fee incurred by the seller for using TikTok Shipping. This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`. |
   ^^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_amount |string |0 |The shipping and warehouse fulfillment fee incurred by the seller for orders fulfilled by TikTok (FBT). This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^^return_refund_subsidy_amount |string |0 |For shipping fee from returns and refunds, you pay up to a standard rate, and TikTok Shop covers the remaining amount.This is part of `customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount`. |
   ^^^^refunded_customer_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |Shipping fee returned to customers due returns and refunds.Does not include subsidies.This is part of `customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount`.
   |
   ^^^^shipping_fee_guarantee_reimbursement |string |0 |Reimbursement from the Shipping Fee Guarantee Program for failed deliveries or returns |
   ^^^shipping_app_service_fee_amount |string |0 |Shipping App Service Fee for using shipping fee to generate shipping labels |
   ^^fee_tax_amount |string |-30 |The total fees and taxes charged by TikTok Shop at the time of order settlement. Shipping-related costs are excluded. This is equivalent to the sum of all contributory amounts in `fee_tax_breakdown`. |
   ^^fee_tax_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `fee_tax_amount`. |
   ^^^fee |object | |The list of fees. |
   ^^^^platform_commission_amount |string |0 |The commission amount charged by TikTok Shop. |
   ^^^^referral_fee_amount |string |-2 |The referral fee charged for processing successful orders.
   Applicable only for the US. |
   ^^^^refund_administration_fee_amount |string |0 |The 20% refund administration fee deducted from the total refunded referral fee amount. |
   ^^^^transaction_fee_amount |string |-2 |The transaction fee charged for processing successful orders. |
   ^^^^credit_card_handling_fee_amount |string |0 |The handling fee charged when the buyer pays with a credit card. |
   ^^^^affiliate_commission_amount |string |0 |The commission amount charged to the seller for payment to the creator. |
   ^^^^affiliate_commission_amount_before_pit |string |-2 |The affiliate ads commission paid to a creator before any personal income tax withholding.
   Applicable only for SEA markets. |
   ^^^^affiliate_partner_commission_amount |string |0 |The commission amount for purchases through affiliate partner links. |
   ^^^^affiliate_ads_commission_amount |string |0 |The commission for eligible orders from ads. |
   ^^^^sfp_service_fee_amount |string |2 |The service fee charged for participation in the [Seller Free Shipping Programme]. |
   ^^^^live_specials_fee_amount |string |2 |The service fee charged for participation in the [LIVE Specials Programme]. |
   ^^^^bonus_cashback_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The service fee charged for participation in the bonus cashback program. |
   ^^^^mall_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The service fee charged for using TikTok Shop Mall. |
   ^^^^voucher_xtra_service_fee_amount |string |100 |The service fee charged for participation in the Voucher Xtra program. |
   ^^^^flash_sales_service_fee_amount |string |50 |The service fee charged for participation in flash sales. |
   ^^^^cofunded_promotion_service_fee_amount |string |100 |The service fee charged for co-funded promotions.
   |
   ^^^^pre_order_service_fee_amount |string |10 |The service fee charged when seller joins Pre-order program. |
   ^^^^tsp_commission_amount |string |10 |The commission amount charged by TikTok Shop Partners (TSP). |
   ^^^^dt_handling_fee_amount |string |10 |The handling fee charged for orders that are fulfilled by Dilayani Tokopedia. |
   ^^^^epr_pob_service_fee_amount |string |-10 |The eco-contributions TikTok Shop pays on your behalf to the qualified producer responsibility organization (PRO). |
   ^^^^fee_per_item_sold_amount |string |0 |The fee charged to sellers by the platform for each item sold.
   Applicable only for the Brazil market. |
   ^^^^seller_paylater_handling_fee_amount |string |-10 |The handling fee charged to the seller for participation in the PayLater program. |
   ^^^^cofunded_creator_bonus_amount |string |-10 |The portion of the creator bonus that you co-fund as part of the commission boost campaign. |
   ^^^^dynamic_commission_amount |string |5 |The dynamic commission fee is the amount that the platform charges to all sellers for every successfully delivered order.
   Applicable only for Indonesia. |
   ^^^^external_affiliate_marketing_fee_amount |string |10 |The service fee for participating in the External Affiliate Marketing Solution Program, as stated during registration. |
   ^^^^vn_fix_infrastructure_fee |string |0 |Infrastructure fees are a fixed service fee that TikTok Shop charges for providing, maintaining, and developing infrastructure for delivery services. It applies to delivered orders on the main order level. |
   ^^^^affiliate_commission_deposit |string |0 |The amount reserved for creator commissions after an order is paid. Applies only to commissions tied to order volume and is based on the highest earning rate. |
   ^^^^affiliate_commission_release |string |0 |The commission deposit refunded to you after order settlement. Applies only to commissions tied to order volume. |
   ^^^^tap_shop_ads_commission |string |0 |The advertising commission cost a merchant pays to TikTok Shop Affiliate Partner (TAP). |
   ^^^^shipping_fee_guarantee_service_fee |string |0 |A flat service fee charged for each order under the Shipping Fee Guarantee Program |
   ^^^^installation_service_fee |string |0 |The fee TikTok Shop charges you for using platform installation service |
   ^^^^campaign_resource_fee |string |0 |Amount of campaign resource fee from program seller joining in |
   ^^^^platform_special_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The portion of the Distance Shipping Fee paid by the customer that exceeds the logistics service provider's charge, retained by TikTok Shop to support a secure fulfillment experience |
   ^^^^smart_promotion_fee_amount |string |0 |This fee includes funds from TikTok Shop to help provide promotions to customers |
   ^^^^gmv_max_ad_fee_amount |string |0 |A percentage deducted from your net sales per order for GMV Max (net sales performance goal) advertising. |
   ^^^^platform_semi_managed_commission_fee |string |0 |Calculated as a percentage of (original price − seller discount + customer-paid shipping fee). |
   ^^^^platform_semi_managed_commission_fee_tax |string |0 |This amount is collected on behalf of the government. |
   ^^^tax |object | |The list of tax amounts. |
   ^^^^vat_amount |string |0 |The VAT paid by the platform on the seller's behalf.
   Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
   ^^^^import_vat_amount |string |0 |The import VAT, a tax paid on goods bought in one country and imported into another.
   Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. In Japan, it refers to the Japan Consumption Tax (JCT). |
   ^^^^customs_duty_amount |string |0 |The customs duties, a type of tax on cross-border goods collected by governments.
   Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
   ^^^^customs_clearance_amount |string |0 |The fees charged by logistic suppliers for customs clearance services.
   Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
   ^^^^sst_amount |string |0 |The sales and service tax (SST) collected and remitted to the tax authority by the platform for low-value goods imported into Malaysia, effective January 1, 2024. |
   ^^^^gst_amount |string |0 |The goods and services tax (GST) collected and remitted to the tax authority by the platform for low-value goods imported into Singapore, effective January 1, 2023. |
   ^^^^iva_amount |string |0 |The Mexican VAT that TikTok Shop is required to withhold on your taxable products and remit to the tax authority. |
   ^^^^isr_amount |string |0 |The Mexican federal income tax that TikTok Shop is required to withhold. |
   ^^^^anti_dumping_duty_amount |string |20 |The anti-dumping duties collected by governments for import goods. |
   ^^^^local_vat_amount |string |10 |The VAT paid by the platform on the seller's behalf. Applicable only for local shop orders. |
   ^^^^pit_amount |string |10 |The personal income tax (PIT) paid by the platform on the seller's behalf. |
   ^^^^sales_tax_referral_fee_amount |string |0 |Some U.S. states consider referral fees taxable. To comply with state tax laws, TikTok Inc. collects and remits applicable sales tax when a taxable fee is charged. |
   ^^^^smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount |string |0 |Sales tax for the Smart Promotion fee |
   ^^^^cedular_tax |string |0 |The Mexican Guanajuato cedular tax |
   ^total_count |int |2 |The number of transaction records |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"order_id":"5793990727963214852","order_create_time":1685548800,"currency":"GBP","revenue_amount":"200","fee_and_tax_amount":"-30","shipping_cost_amount":"-70","settlement_amount":"130","sku_transactions":[{"sku_id":"1636700041413599290","sku_name":"Test SKU name","statement_id":"7238804564097517339","product_name":"Test Product name","quantity":"1","settlement_amount":"130","revenue_amount":"200","revenue_breakdown":{"subtotal_before_discount_amount":"210","seller_discount_amount":"-10","refund_subtotal_before_discount_amount":"0","seller_discount_refund_amount":"0","cod_service_fee_amount":"0","refund_cod_service_fee_amount":"0","distant_item_fee_amount":"0"},"shipping_cost_amount":"-70","shipping_cost_breakdown":{"actual_shipping_fee_amount":"-50","shipping_fee_discount_amount":"0","customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount":"0","return_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","replacement_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","exchange_shipping_fee_amount":"5","signature_confirmation_fee_amount":"5","shipping_insurance_fee_amount":"0","fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount":"5","return_shipping_label_fee_amount":"5","seller_self_shipping_service_fee_amount":"5","return_shipping_fee_paid_buyer_amount":"5","failed_delivery_subsidy_amount":"5","fbt_free_shipping_fee_amount":"5","free_return_subsidy_amount":"5","distant_shipping_fee_amount":"0","supplementary_component":{"fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount":"5","platform_shipping_fee_discount_amount":"20","promo_shipping_incentive_amount":"0","shipping_fee_subsidy_amount":"0","seller_shipping_fee_discount_amount":"0","fbt_shipping_cost_amount":"-30","customer_shipping_fee_offset_amount":"-6.99","fbm_shipping_cost_amount":"30","fbt_fulfillment_fee_amount":"0","return_refund_subsidy_amount":"0","refunded_customer_shipping_fee_amount":"0","shipping_fee_guarantee_reimbursement":"0"},"shipping_app_service_fee_amount":"0"},"fee_tax_amount":"-30","fee_tax_breakdown":{"fee":{"platform_commission_amount":"0","referral_fee_amount":"-2","refund_administration_fee_amount":"0","transaction_fee_amount":"-2","credit_card_handling_fee_amount":"0","affiliate_commission_amount":"0","affiliate_commission_amount_before_pit":"-2","affiliate_partner_commission_amount":"0","affiliate_ads_commission_amount":"0","sfp_service_fee_amount":"2","live_specials_fee_amount":"2","bonus_cashback_service_fee_amount":"0","mall_service_fee_amount":"0","voucher_xtra_service_fee_amount":"100","flash_sales_service_fee_amount":"50","cofunded_promotion_service_fee_amount":"100","pre_order_service_fee_amount":"10","tsp_commission_amount":"10","dt_handling_fee_amount":"10","epr_pob_service_fee_amount":"-10","fee_per_item_sold_amount":"0","seller_paylater_handling_fee_amount":"-10","cofunded_creator_bonus_amount":"-10","dynamic_commission_amount":"5","external_affiliate_marketing_fee_amount":"10","vn_fix_infrastructure_fee":"0","affiliate_commission_deposit":"0","affiliate_commission_release":"0","tap_shop_ads_commission":"0","shipping_fee_guarantee_service_fee":"0","installation_service_fee":"0","campaign_resource_fee":"0","platform_special_service_fee_amount":"0","smart_promotion_fee_amount":"0","gmv_max_ad_fee_amount":"0","platform_semi_managed_commission_fee":"0","platform_semi_managed_commission_fee_tax":"0"},"tax":{"vat_amount":"0","import_vat_amount":"0","customs_duty_amount":"0","customs_clearance_amount":"0","sst_amount":"0","gst_amount":"0","iva_amount":"0","isr_amount":"0","anti_dumping_duty_amount":"20","local_vat_amount":"10","pit_amount":"10","sales_tax_referral_fee_amount":"0","smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount":"0","cedular_tax":"0"}}}],"total_count":2},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |