# Create Activity

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-activity-202309*

---

# Path: /promotion/202309/activities
# Method: [POST]
# Function Description
Use this API to create a product discount activity or a flash deal activity. You cannot create a coupon activity with this API. To do that, you'll need to go to the seller center or the seller app. To update the products or SKUs included in the activity, use [Update Activity Product](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650d32c42aaa3602b86ccb5c).

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| sign | string | Y | 5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
| timestamp | int | Y | 1623812664 | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |
# Request Body Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| title | string | Y | DiscountEvent0829 | Unique name across all your activities. The length must not exceed 50 characters. |
| activity_type | string | Y | FIXED_PRICE | The type of activities. |
| Possible enumerations: |  |  |  |  |

* `FIXED_PRICE`: product discount activity with fixed price.
* `DIRECT_DISCOUNT`: product discount activities with percentage off.
* `FLASHSALE`: flash sale activity.
* `SHIPPING_DISCOUNT`: shipping fee discount.
* `BUY_MORE_SAVE_MORE`: Buy more save more discount. |
   product_level |string |Y |PRODUCT |Activity product dimension, values are:
   - PRODUCT: Promotion activity applies at the product (SPU) level. Any and all SKUs that are part of this product will be subject to the promotion.
   - VARIATION: Promotion activity only applies to specified SKUs.
   - SHOP: Promotion activity applies to all products in the shop.
   When `activity_type` is `SHIPPING_DISCOUNT`, the `product_level` can not be `VARIATION`.
   To set the products or SKUs covered by the activity, use [Update Activity Product](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650d32c42aaa3602b86ccb5c). |
   duration_type |string |N |INDEFINITE |The effective time type of the current activity
* NORMAL: `begin_time` and `end_time` must be filled
* INDEFINITE: `begin_time` and `end_time` aren't required, and the promotion will be a long-term activity which runs indefinitely.
1. `INDEFINITE` is only valid when `activity_type` is `SHIPPING_DISCOUNT`,
2. If `duration_type` is `INDEFINITE`, `start_time` and `end_time` should be 0
   Default: NORMAL |
   begin_time |int |Y |1661756811 |Activity start time. UNIX timestamp. The value must be greater than the value of the current time. |
   end_time |int |Y |1661856811 |Activity end time. UNIX timestamp. |
   participation_limit |[]object |N | |The number of times a buyer can participate in the promotion. |
   ^type |string |Y |BUYER_NO_LIMIT |Determines whether the promotion activity limits the number of times each buyer can receive its benefit. e.g.:
* `BUYER_NO_LIMIT`: No limit for buyers. Buyers can benefit from this promotion across multiple orders.
* `BUYER_LIMIT_ONLY_ONE`: Buyers can benefit from this promotion activity for no more than one order.
   Default: `BUYER_NO_LIMIT` |
   discount |object |N | |Discount information. |
   ^shipping_discount |object |N | |Shipping Discount |
   ^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `NO_THRESHOLD`: No minimum purchase criteria.
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.
* `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible order.
   `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY` and `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT` can only be set when `product_level==SHOP`. |
   ^^threshold_value |string |N |3 |The purchase threshold of the discount, based on the threshold type, e.g., "3". Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==NO_THRESHOLD`, this value is not required.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`, the eligible product subtotal for the buyer's order must meet or exceed the specified order value in local currency (e.g. buyer's order subtotal must be at least $3 to receive the benefit). If it represents an order value, it must be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^type |string |Y |DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE |The type of benefit awarded by the promotion activity.
   -When `FREE_SHIPPING`, the buyer's cost of shipping is reduced to zero.
   -When `DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE`, the discount is reduced by the value specified in `shipping_discount.value`. |
   ^^value |string |N |10.5 |Value of the discount.
* When `discount_type==FREE_SHIPPING`, this value is not required.
* `discount_type==DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE`, this value is the maximum amount deducted from the buyer's price of shipping in local currency.
   The value should be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^shipping_method |string |N |STANDARD_SHIPPING |The shipping methods to which this promotion applies.
* When `STANDARD_SHIPPING`: Only applies to Standard Shipping methods, including Economy.
* `EXPRESS_SHIPPING`: Only applies to Express Shipping methods.
* `ALL_SHIPPING_METHOD`: Applies to all shipping methods that the shop offers.
   Default: `STANDARD_SHIPPING` |
   ^^inventory_type |string |N |SELF_FULFILLED |The inventory types to which the promotion activity applies:
* `SELF_FULFILLED`: Only applies to Inventory fulfilled from seller warehouses
* `FULFILLED_BY_TIKTOK`: Only applies to Inventory fulfilled by TikTok from FBT (Fulfilled by TikTok) warehouses.
* `ALL`: Applies to all inventory of eligible products.
   Default: `SELF_FULFILLED`
   `FULFILLED_BY_TIKTOK` and `ALL` can only be set when `product_level`==`SHOP` and `threshold_type=NO_THRESHOLD`. |
   ^^area_scope |object |Y | |The (buyer's) geographical areas to which the promotion activity applies. |
   ^^^type |string |Y |WHOLE |The (buyer's) geographical area to which the promotion activity applies.
   - `WHOLE`: Promotion activity applies to all areas to which the seller offers fulfillment.
* `SPECIFIC_AREAS`: Only applies to specific fulfillment areas, as defined in `area_scope.specific_areas` |
   ^^^specific_areas |[]string |N |["Washington", "New York"] |The list of areas for which the promotion activity applies. The valid values that may be included in this list are dependent on the region of the shop. The list of valid values for each shop region are available here: [link](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/67e3b059e7dc4f04a4ff9e09) |
   ^bmsm_discount |object |N | |Configurations related to Buy More Save More (BMSM) promotions |
   ^^details |[]object |N | |Configurations regarding BMSM promotions.
   A maximum of two `tier`s are permitted. `details.threshold_type` and `details.discount_type` must be the same across all `tier`s. |
   ^^^tier |int |Y |1 |`tier` uses 1-based indexing, i.e. the first and second tiers are counted "1, 2", not "0, 1".
   `threshold_value` and `discount_value` for a given tier must be greater than that of the previous tier.
   E.g. If `tier`<span style="background-color: #ff0">1 has </span><span style="background-color: #ff0"><code>threshold_value</code></span>`20` and `discount_value`== `15`, `tier`==2 must have `threshold_value` > `20` and `discount_value`>`15`. |
   ^^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.
* `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible order. |
   ^^^threshold_value |string |Y |5 |The purchase threshold of the discount, based on the `threshold_type`, e.g., "3". Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==NO_THRESHOLD`, this value is not required.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`, the eligible product subtotal for the buyer's order must meet or exceed the specified order value in local currency (e.g. buyer's order subtotal must be at least $3 to receive the benefit). If it represents an order value, it must be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^^type |string |Y |PERCENTAGE_OFF |The type of discount awarded as a benefit. The value of the discount is determined by `value`.
   Possible enumerations are:
   - `PERCENTAGE_OFF`: Buyer will receive X% off the price of the eligible products.
* `AMOUNT_OFF`: Buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price of eligible products. |
   ^^^value |string |Y |10 |Value of the discount.
* When `type`==`PERCENTAGE_OFF`, the buyer will receive X% off the price of eligible products. If the value represents a percentage, it should be an integer.
* `type`==`AMOUNT_OFF`, the buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price of eligible products. If the value represents a monetary amount, it should be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^gift_discount |object |N | |Configurations related to Gift With Purchase (GWP) promotions. Only needs to be configured for GWP promotions. |
   ^^gift_receiving_type |string |Y |ALL_RECEIVE |The receiving type of gift. Currently only supports one type: `ALL_RECEIVE`
   -`ALL_RECEIVE`: All gifts configured in the promotion can be collected. |
   ^^gift_infos |[]object |Y | |Configurations regarding Gift With Purchase (GWP) promotions.
   A maximum of two `tier`s are permitted in SEA and UK. Only one `tier` is permitted in US. And `threshold_type` must be the same across all `tier`s. |
   ^^^tier |int |Y |1 |`tier` uses 1-based indexing, i.e. the first and second tiers are counted "1, 2", not "0, 1".
   `threshold_value` for a given tier must be greater than that of the previous tier.
   E.g. If `tier`<span style="background-color: #ff0">1 has </span><span style="background-color: #ff0"><code>threshold_value</code></span>`2`, `tier`==2 must have `threshold_value` > `2`. |
   ^^^threshold_type |string |Y |MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY |The purchase threshold type of discount. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.
* `MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible order. |
   ^^^threshold_value |string |Y |3 |The purchase threshold value of the gift, based on the `threshold_type`. Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ORDER_AMOUNT`, the eligible product subtotal for the buyer's order must meet or exceed the specified order value in local currency (e.g. buyer's order subtotal must be at least $3 to receive the benefit). If it represents an order value, it must be limited to two decimal places. |
   ^^^gift_details |[]object |Y | |Gift configurations related to Gift With Purchase (GWP) promotions. |
   ^^^^product_id |string |Y |1732239744891062847 |TikTok Shop product id of gift. |
   ^^^^sku_id |string |Y |1732239787859544639 |TikTok Shop sku id of gift. |
   ^^^^total_claim_limit |string |Y |100 |The quantity limit of the gift sku which is involved in the activity. The range is [1, 99999]. If you are updating the value of an existing sku, the value cannot be decreased. |
   ^bxgy_discount |object |N | |Configurations related to Buy X Get Y (BXGY) promotions. Only needs to be configured for BXGY promotions. |
   ^^threshold_type |string |Y |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products. |The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:
* `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products. |
   ^^threshold_value |string |Y |5 |The purchase threshold of the discount, based on the `threshold_type`, e.g., "3". Determined by user.
* When `threshold_type==MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`, buyer must purchase at least the specified number of eligible products (e.g. must purchase 3 or more eligible products to receive the benefit). If it represents a quantity, it must be an integer.
   |
   ^^discount_type |string |Y |AMOUNT_OFF_EACH |The type of discount awarded as a benefit. The value of the discount is determined by `value`.
   Possible enumerations are:
   - `PERCENTAGE_OFF`: Buyer will receive X% off the price of the eligible products.
* `FREE`: Buyer will receive X eligible products for free.
* `AMOUNT_OFF_EACH`: Buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price on each of eligible products. |
   ^^discount_value |string |Y |5 |Value of the discount.
* When `type`==`PERCENTAGE_OFF`, the buyer will receive X% off the price of eligible products. If the value represents a percentage, it should be an integer.
* `type`==`AMOUNT_OFF_EACH`, the buyer will receive X units of local currency off the price of each eligible products. If the value represents a monetary amount, it should be limited to two decimal places.
   |
   ^^benefit_max_applicable_quantity |string |Y |5 |The quantity of item Y in a BXGY promotion. This value must be a positive integer. |
   ^^benefit_max_applicable_times |string |N |5 |Optional. The maximum number of times the BXGY benefit can be applied within a single order. This value must be a positive integer. |
   target_user_info |object |N | |The targeted user type of the promotion. |
   ^user_type |string |N |ALL_USER |Possible enumerations are:
   `ALL_USER`
   `SHOP_NEW_CUSTOMER`
   `SHOP_EXISTING_CUSTOMER`
   `SHOP_REPEAT_CUSTOMER` |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/promotion/202309/activities?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY
```

**Body**
```json
{"title":"DiscountEvent0829","activity_type":"FIXED_PRICE","product_level":"PRODUCT","duration_type":"INDEFINITE","begin_time":1661756811,"end_time":1661856811,"participation_limit":[{"type":"BUYER_NO_LIMIT"}],"discount":{"shipping_discount":{"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"3","type":"DISCOUNT_SHIPPING_FEE","value":"10.5","shipping_method":"STANDARD_SHIPPING","inventory_type":"SELF_FULFILLED","area_scope":{"type":"WHOLE","specific_areas":["Washington","New York"]}},"bmsm_discount":{"details":[{"tier":1,"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"5","type":"PERCENTAGE_OFF","value":"10"}]},"gift_discount":{"gift_receiving_type":"ALL_RECEIVE","gift_infos":[{"tier":1,"threshold_type":"MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY","threshold_value":"3","gift_details":[{"product_id":"1732239744891062847","sku_id":"1732239787859544639","total_claim_limit":"100"}]}]},"bxgy_discount":{"threshold_type":"The type of purchase criteria. Possible enumerations are:\n- `MINIMAL_ITEM_QUANTITY`: Buyer must meet or exceed the minimum spend criteria with eligible products.","threshold_value":"5","discount_type":"AMOUNT_OFF_EACH","discount_value":"5","benefit_max_applicable_quantity":"5","benefit_max_applicable_times":"5"}},"target_user_info":{"user_type":"ALL_USER"}}
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^activity_id | string | 7136104329798256386 | A unique ID that identifies different activities. |
| ^create_time | int | 1661756811 | The time when the activity was created. |
| ^update_time | int | 1661756811 | The time when the activity was last updated. |
| ^status | string | ONGOING | Possible values: |

* DRAFT: Promotion activities with this status are not available to TikTok users.
* NOT_START: Promotion activities with this status are not available to TikTok users until the set activity start time.
* ONGOING: Promotion activities with this status are available to TikTok users.
* EXPIRED: Promotion activities with this status are not available to TikTok users because it has expired.
* DEACTIVATED: The activity has been deactivated by the seller and is not available to TikTok users.
* NOT_EFFECTIVE: The activity is terminated by the platform and is not available to TikTok users. |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"activity_id":"7136104329798256386","create_time":1661756811,"update_time":1661756811,"status":"ONGOING"},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 17003203 | A storewide free shipping promotion activity is already active. Only one can be created at a time. |
| 17029001 | Invalid parameters |
| 17029002 | Title Length Too Long |
| 17029004 | Duplicate activity title. |
| 17029005 | Begin Time Earlier Than Now |
| 17029006 | The activity period is too short. |
| 17029007 | The activity period is too long. |
| 17029008 | FlashSale Period Too Long |
| 17029026 | Invalid SellerID |
| 17029027 | Empty RequestSerialNo |
| 17029035 | ShopRisk Check Failed |
| 17029036 | ActivityType is not supported. |
| 17029049 | ActivityVersion is not supported. |
| 17029052 | ProductType is not supported |
| 17029068 | Selected `inventory_type` is not supported in your region. |
| 17029070 | Empty gift sku info. |
| 17029071 | Gift sku id is invalid, not an integer. |
| 17029072 | Gift sku repeated |
| 17029073 | Price of the gift exceeds the upper limit |
| 17029074 | Eligible products and the gift products must not be the same product. |
| 17029075 | Number of gifts per tier does not meet the limit |
| 17029076 | Gift sku is out of stock. |
| 17029077 | Gifts across different tiers are repeated |
| 17029078 | Number of gift tiers does not meet the requirement |
| 17029082 | Specified time is outside of the defined range for this activity. Please check the time range for the activity and try again. |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |