# Get Transactions by Statement

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-transactions-by-statement-202501*

---

# Path: /finance/202501/statements/{statement_id}/statement_transactions
# Method: [GET]
# Function Description
Retrieves the details of a statement, including the transactions, which can be a standard order transaction, an adjustment transaction, or a reserve-related transaction. For the SKU-level details of an order transaction, refer to [Get Transactions by Order](650a6734defece02be67d724).
Applicable for all regions' sellers. Only data after 2023-07-01 is available (Please note that for US cross-border sellers, data before 2025-04-30 is unavailable).

---


# Common Parameters
For common parameters, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Properties | Location | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| shop_cipher | query | string | Y | GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3 | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. |
| Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9) |  |  |  |  |  |
| content-type | header | string | Y | application/json | Allowed type: application/json |
# Request Path Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| statement_id | string | Y | 7238804564097517339 | The unique id of statement |
# Request Query Parameters
| Properties | Type | Require | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| app_key | string | Y | 38abcd | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app. |
| page_token | string | N | 6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the `next_page_token` from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page. |
| sort_field | string | Y | order_create_time | The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. Only supports `order_create_time`. |
| sort_order | string | N | DESC | The sort order for the `sort_field` parameter. |
| Default: ASC |  |  |  |  |
| Possible values: |  |  |  |  |

* ASC: Ascending order
* DESC: Descending order |
   page_size |int |N |20 |The number of results to be returned per page.
   Default: 20
   Valid range: [1-100] |
   sign |string |Y |5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c |Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. |
   timestamp |int |Y |1623812664 |Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time. |

# Request Sample
**Query**
```Plain Text
https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202501/statements/7238804564097517339/statement_transactions?app_key=123abc&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1625484268&shop_cipher=ROW_RHkDDABBAAB8tKAVoAqsMTjsQZFLyNfY&page_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT&sort_field=order_create_time&sort_order=DESC&page_size=20
```

# Response Parameters
| Properties | Type | Sample | Properties description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | int | 0 | The success or failure status code returned in API response. |
| message | string | Success | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message. |
| request_id | string | 202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7 | Request log |
| data | object |  | Specific return information |
| ^next_page_token | string | 6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Provide this value in the `page_token` parameter of your request if the current response does not return all the results. |
| ^id | string | 7238804564097517339 | The statement ID. |
| ^create_time | int | 1685548800 | The time when the statement was generated. Unix timestamp. |
| Statements are generated daily at 00:00 UTC. |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
| ^status | string | SETTLED | The statement status. Only supports `SETTLED`. |
| ^currency | string | GBP | The three-digit currency code in ISO 4217 format. |
| ^payable_amount | string | 150 | The final amount paid out after accounting for reserve funds. |
| Formula: total_settlement_amount + total_reserve_amount |  |  |  |
| ^total_reserve_amount | string | 20 | The total amount withheld from settlement based on TikTok Shop Reserve Policy. Refer to TikTok Shop Academy for more information. |

* A positive amount indicates the funds that have been released.
* A negative amount indicates the funds being withheld from the settlement.

Applicable only for UK and US local sellers. |
^total_settlement_amount |string |130 |The total settlement amount.
Formula: total_revenue_amount - total_shipping_cost_amount - total_fee_tax_amount - total_adjustment_amount |
^total_settlement_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `total_settlement_amount`. |
^^total_revenue_amount |string |100 |The total revenue amount at the time of order settlement. This is equivalent to the net sales amount. |
^^total_shipping_cost_amount |string |120 |The total shipping costs at the time of order settlement. |
^^total_fee_tax_amount |string |20 |The total fees and taxes charged by the platform at the time of order settlement. Shipping-related costs are excluded. |
^^total_adjustment_amount |string |0 |The total adjustment amount based on TikTok Shop policy.
Refer to `transactions.type` for the list of adjustment-related policies. |
^total_count |int |2 |The number of transaction records in the statement. |
^transactions |[]object | |The list of transaction records in the statement. Each transaction corresponds to an order, an adjustment, or a reserve-related transaction. |
^^id |string |1636700041413599290 |The transaction ID. |
^^type |string |ORDER |The transaction type.
**Standard transactions**

* `ORDER`: A transaction related to an order settlement.
* `RESERVE`: A transaction involving collection or release of reserve funds.
* If the transaction is an adjustment, it returns one of the following values:

**Platform-related adjustments**

* `CHARGE_BACK`: Charges returned to a payment card after a customer has successfully disputed an item on their account statement or transactions report.
* `CUSTOMER_SERVICE_COMPENSATION`: Extra compensation or compensation paid to a customer after the after-sales period by customer service.
* `DEDUCTIONS_INCURRED_BY_SELLER`: Deduction arising from customer dissatisfaction as a result of the seller's responsibility. This includes issues such as fraud, empty packages, items that do not match the product display page, or items of lower value than advertised.
* `GMV_PAYMENT_FOR_ADS`: Amount used to pay for your advertisement if you are enabled "auto pay ads with shop GMV", or to pay for Tiktok Promote ads orders.
* `PLATFORM_COMMISSION_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment when there are differences in the platform commission paid by the seller.
* `PLATFORM_COMMISSION_COMPENSATION`: Compensation paid to the seller when there are differences in the platform commission paid by the seller.
* `PLATFORM_PENALTY`: Penalty imposed for a violation of TikTok Shop policies (the corresponding amount has been deducted from the seller's account). For details, please refer to the email notification sent to the seller.
* `PROMOTION_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment when a seller takes part in a platform promotion and there are differences between the promotion price and the actual amount paid by the seller.
* `REBATE`: A discount on referral fees offered by TikTok Shop to eligible sellers.
* `PLATFORM_COMPENSATION`: Compensation paid to the seller after the seller successfully appealed for a customer dispute.
* `PLATFORM_REIMBURSEMENT`: Reimbursement paid by TikTok Shop for an order refunded under TikTok's refund without return policy (the seller is not responsible).
* `COFUNDED_CREATOR_REWARDS`: Fees charged for joining the co-funded creator rewards program to reward creator activities.
* `STAMP_DUTY`: To comply with Thailand's tax regulations, TikTok Shop withholds and remits the stamp duty levied on the withholding tax agent appointment letter. This document falls under Instrument No. 21 (Agency) and is subject to a THB 30 stamp duty.

**Logistics-related adjustments**

* `FBT_WAREHOUSE_SERVICE_FEE`: Amount charged by TikTok Fulfillment Portal (Pipak) for warehousing-related bills incurred by the seller under the Fulfilled by TikTok (FBT) service.
* `LOGISTICS_REIMBURSEMENT`: Reimbursement paid by TikTok Shop for an order refunded due to logistics-related issues (e.g. lost or damaged order).
* `SHIPPING_FEE_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment when there are differences or mistakes with the shipping fee paid by the seller.
* `SHIPPING_FEE_COMPENSATION`: Compensation given to sellers due to differences between the actual shipping fee and the pre-paid shipping fee.
* `SHIPPING_FEE_REBATE`: Shipping fee rebate provided to the seller as part of their participation in a platform campaign.
* `SAMPLE_SHIPPING_FEE`: Fees charged for sending samples using the TikTok logistics provider.
* `SELLER_MISSION_REWARD`: Platform provided cash reward for seller mission completion.
* `Violation fee （settlement fee）`: The deduction to cover the cost of buyer's losses for the unpleasant experience of the buyer due to an issue that is the seller's responsibility.
* `Violation fee （credit card）`: The amount owed to TikTok Shop from previous transactions, charged to your primary credit card.
* `Bill payment （negative balance）`: The amount you owe TikTok Shop, charged to your primary credit card.
* `Sales proceed（negative balance）`:Sales proceed that is ready to pay for negeative balance.
* `Bill deduction for negative balance`:Deduction for the amount you owe TikTok Shop after all platform fees are deducted from your net earnings.

**Miscellaneous adjustments**
`OTHER_ADJUSTMENT`: Adjustment for other reasons. |
^^order_id |string |576463220456522968 |The order ID.
Each transaction can only be associated with an order ID or an adjustment ID. |
^^order_create_time |int |1685548800 |The creation time of the order. Unix timestamp. |
^^adjustment_id |string |7238804564097517332 |The adjustment ID if the transaction is an adjustment.
Each transaction can only be associated with an order ID or an adjustment ID. |
^^adjustment_order_id |string |576463220456522968 |The order ID associated with the adjustment, if any. |
^^adjustment_amount |string |170 |The adjustment amount based on TikTok Shop policy.
Refer to `transactions.type` for the list of adjustment-related policies. |
^^settlement_amount |string |130 |The settlement amount for the order.
Formula: revenue_amount - shipping_cost_amount - fee_tax_amount - adjustment_amount |
^^revenue_amount |string |200 |The revenue amount at the time of order settlement. This is equivalent to the sum of all amounts in `revenue_breakdown`. |
^^revenue_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `revenue_amount`. |
^^^subtotal_before_discount_amount |string |30 |The total price of all order items before any seller discounts and platform discounts are deducted. This is equivalent to the shop's gross sales. |
^^^refund_subtotal_before_discount_amount |string |-20 |The total price of all refunded items before any seller discounts. This is equivalent to the shop's gross sales refund. |
^^^seller_discount_amount |string |10 |The total amount of discounts funded by the seller, including:

* Seller promotions (Product Discount, Flash Deal, Buy More Save More, Voucher and Bundle Deal)
* Seller's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns
* Seller discounts during a campaign |
   ^^^seller_discount_refund_amount |string |12 |Discounts returned to the sellers due to returns or refunds. |
   ^^^cod_service_fee_amount |string |10 |The cash on delivery service fees charged to buyers.
   Applicable only for Saudi Arabia. |
   ^^^refund_cod_service_fee_amount |string |-10 |The refund for cash on delivery service fees.
   Applicable only for Saudi Arabia. |
   ^^^distant_item_fee_amount |string |0 |The distance fee for items paid by the customer. With your current settings for Horizon+ Program, this fee is included in product price for orders with shipping out of Java island. |
   ^^shipping_cost_amount |string |-70 |The shipping costs at the time of order settlement. This is equivalent to the sum of all contributory amounts in `shipping_cost_breakdown`. |
   ^^shipping_cost_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `shipping_cost_amount`. |
   ^^^actual_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |The actual shipping fee calculated based on the weight/dimensions measured by the carrier. For details, check `shipping_cost_breakdown.supplementary_component`. |
   ^^^shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee subsidies and incentives provided by the platform. This includes all subsidies regardless of fulfillment channels or policies. For details, check `shipping_cost_breakdown.supplementary_component`. |
   ^^^customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The actual shipping fee borne by the customer, calculated based on the product weight uploaded by the seller. Negative numbers refer to the refunded amount of customer-paid shipping fees |
   ^^^return_shipping_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of returns. |
   ^^^replacement_shipping_fee_amount |string |12 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of goods replacement.

Applicable only for Indonesia. |
^^^exchange_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |The shipping fee paid by the seller for the delivery of goods exchange.
Applicable only for Indonesia. |
^^^signature_confirmation_fee_amount |string |10 |The fee incurred for packages requiring signature confirmation services. |
^^^shipping_insurance_fee_amount |string |-10 |The shipping insurance fee incurred by the seller for purchasing additional TikTok shipping insurance services. |
^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount |string |5 |A reimbursement from TikTok Shop for Fulfilled by TikTok (FBT) orders that don't qualify for free shipping.
Applicable only for the US. |
^^^return_shipping_label_fee_amount |string |5 |The fee borne by the customer to cover the cost of return labels. This fee is collected on the seller's behalf and settled according to the agreed payment terms. |
^^^seller_self_shipping_service_fee_amount |string |5 |A service fee charged for orders shipped through your own logistics provider. Applies to packages that don't meet the exemption criteria. |
^^^return_shipping_fee_paid_buyer_amount |string |5 |Reimbursement for the shipping fees paid by customers to return packages |
^^^failed_delivery_subsidy_amount |string |5 |For shipping fee from failed deliveries, you pay up to a standard rate, and TikTok Shop covers the remaining amount. |
^^^shipping_fee_guarantee_reimbursement |string |0 |Reimbursement from the Shipping Fee Guarantee Program for failed deliveries or returns |
^^^fbt_free_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |This is the fee that you cover when offering customers free shipping through FBT. |
^^^free_return_subsidy_amount |string |0 |Reimbursement for the platform-funded portion of return shipping fees, as part of the free returns offered to customers. |
^^^distant_shipping_fee_amount |string |0 |The distance fee for shipping paid by the customer. With your current settings for Horizon+ Program, this fee is included in product price for orders with shipping out of Java island. |
^^^supplementary_component |object | |Supplementary costs for your reference. These amounts do not directly contribute to `shipping_cost_amount`. |
^^^^platform_shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |-10 |The shipping fee discount provided in accordance with a campaign policy. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`. |
^^^^promo_shipping_incentive_amount |string |-5 |The additional shipping incentive that the seller will receive if the seller signed up for the Co-Funded Free Shipping Program. A negative amount indicates a reversal of incentives due to order refunds attributed to the seller's responsibility. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`. |
^^^^shipping_fee_subsidy_amount |string |5 |The shipping fee subsidy funded by the platform for seller shipping. This is part of `shipping_fee_discount_amount`.

* Positive amount represents a subsidy received by the seller.
* Negative amount represents a subsidy that the seller must return to TikTok Shop. |
   ^^^^seller_shipping_fee_discount_amount |string |4 |The shipping fee discount provided by sellers. |
   ^^^^customer_shipping_fee_offset_amount |string |23 |The fee to offset TikTok Shop Shipping Incentive or customer-paid shipping fee, resulting in a net charge of $0 to the seller.

Applicable only for the US. |
^^^^fbm_shipping_cost_amount |string |20 |The shipping fee incurred by the seller for using TikTok Shipping. This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`. |
^^^^fbt_shipping_cost_amount |string |30 |The shipping fee incurred by the seller for orders fulfilled by TikTok (FBT). This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`.
Applicable only for EU and UK. |
^^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_amount |string |-30 |The shipping and warehouse fulfillment fee incurred by the seller for orders fulfilled by TikTok (FBT). This is part of `actual_shipping_fee_amount`.
Applicable only for the US. |
^^^^fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount |string |5 |(**Deprecated**: This field is deprecated and will return an empty string. Please refer to `shipping_cost_breakdown.fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount` instead for the relevant details.) |
^^^^return_refund_subsidy_amount |string |5 |For shipping fee from returns and refunds, you pay up to a standard rate, and TikTok Shop covers the remaining amount.This is part of `customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount`. |
^^^^refunded_customer_shipping_fee_amount |string |5 |Shipping fee returned to customers due returns and refunds.Does not include subsidies.This is part of `customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount`. |
^^^^customer_shipping_fee |string |5 |The shipping fee borne by the customer.This is part of `customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount`. |
^^^^refund_customer_shipping_fee |string |1 |Refund the shipping fee borne by the customer. Include subsidies.This is part of `customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount`. |
^^^shipping_app_service_fee_amount |string |0 |Shipping App Service Fee for using shipping fee to generate shipping labels |
^^fee_tax_amount |string |-30 |The total fees and taxes charged by TikTok Shop at the time of order settlement. Shipping-related costs are excluded. This is equivalent to the sum of all contributory amounts in `fee_tax_breakdown`. |
^^fee_tax_breakdown |object | |The list of amounts that directly contribute to `fee_tax_amount`. |
^^^fee |object | |The list of fees. |
^^^^platform_commission_amount |string |20 |The commission amount charged by the platform. |
^^^^referral_fee_amount |string |11 |The referral fee charged for processing successful orders.
Applicable only for the US. |
^^^^refund_administration_fee_amount |string |10 |The 20% refund administration fee deducted from the total refunded referral fee amount. |
^^^^transaction_fee_amount |string |0 |The transaction fee charged for processing successful orders. |
^^^^credit_card_handling_fee_amount |string |0 |The handling fee charged when the buyer pays with a credit card. |
^^^^affiliate_commission_amount |string |5 |The commission amount charged to the seller for payment to the creator. |
^^^^affiliate_commission_amount_before_pit |string |3 |The affiliate ads commission paid to a creator before any personal income tax withholding.
Applicable only for SEA markets. |
^^^^affiliate_partner_commission_amount |string |12 |The commission amount for purchases through affiliate partner links. |
^^^^affiliate_ads_commission_amount |string |10 |The commission for eligible orders from ads. |
^^^^sfp_service_fee_amount |string |5 |The service fee charged for participation in the [Seller Free Shipping Programme]. |
^^^^live_specials_fee_amount |string |4 |The service fee charged for participation in the [LIVE Specials Programme]. |
^^^^bonus_cashback_service_fee_amount |string |2 |The service fee charged for participation in the bonus cashback program. |
^^^^mall_service_fee_amount |string |12 |The service fee charged for using TikTok Shop Mall. |
^^^^voucher_xtra_service_fee_amount |string |10 |The service fee charged for participation in the Voucher Xtra program. |
^^^^flash_sales_service_fee_amount |string |12 |The service fee charged for participation in flash sales. |
^^^^cofunded_promotion_service_fee_amount |string |4 |The service fee charged for co-funded promotions. |
^^^^pre_order_service_fee_amount |string |10 |The service fee charged for participation in the pre-order program. |
^^^^tsp_commission_amount |string |10 |The commission amount charged by TikTok Shop Partners (TSP). |
^^^^dt_handling_fee_amount |string |10 |The handling fee charged for orders that are fulfilled by Dilayani Tokopedia. |
^^^^epr_pob_service_fee_amount |string |10 |The eco-contributions TikTok Shop pays on your behalf to the qualified producer responsibility organization (PRO). |
^^^^seller_paylater_handling_fee_amount |string |-10 |The handling fee charged to the seller for participation in the PayLater program. |
^^^^fee_per_item_sold_amount |string |0 |The fee charged to sellers by the platform for each item sold. This is equivalent to the sum of all per-item fees for all SKUs in the order.
Applicable only for the Brazil market. |
^^^^cofunded_creator_bonus_amount |string |-10 |The portion of the creator bonus that you co-fund as part of the commission boost campaign. |
^^^^dynamic_commission_amount |string |5 |The dynamic commission fee is the amount that the platform charges to all sellers for every successfully delivered order.
Applicable only for Indonesia. |
^^^^external_affiliate_marketing_fee_amount |string |10 |The service fee for participating in the External Affiliate Marketing Solution Program, as stated during registration. |
^^^^vn_fix_infrastructure_fee |string |0 |Infrastructure fees are a fixed service fee that TikTok Shop charges for providing, maintaining, and developing infrastructure for delivery services. It applies to delivered orders on the main order level. |
^^^^affiliate_commission_deposit |string |0 |The amount reserved for creator commissions after an order is paid. Applies only to commissions tied to order volume and is based on the highest earning rate. |
^^^^affiliate_commission_release |string |0 |The commission deposit refunded to you after order settlement. Applies only to commissions tied to order volume. |
^^^^tap_shop_ads_commission |string |0 |The advertising commission cost a merchant pays to TikTok Shop Affiliate Partner (TAP). |
^^^^shipping_fee_guarantee_service_fee |string |0 |A flat service fee charged for each order under the Shipping Fee Guarantee Program |
^^^^installation_service_fee |string |0 |The fee TikTok Shop charges you for using platform installation service |
^^^^campaign_resource_fee |string |0 |Amount of campaign resource fee from program seller joining in
|
^^^^platform_special_service_fee_amount |string |0 |The portion of the Distance Shipping Fee paid by the customer that exceeds the logistics service provider's charge, retained by TikTok Shop to support a secure fulfillment experience |
^^^^smart_promotion_fee_amount |string |0 |This fee includes funds from TikTok Shop to help provide promotions to customers |
^^^^gmv_max_ad_fee_amount |string |0 |A percentage deducted from your net sales per order for GMV Max (net sales performance goal) advertising. |
^^^^platform_semi_managed_commission_fee |string |0 |Calculated as a percentage of (original price − seller discount + customer-paid shipping fee). |
^^^^platform_semi_managed_commission_fee_tax |string |0 |This amount is collected on behalf of the government. |
^^^tax |object | |The list of tax amounts. |
^^^^vat_amount |string |30 |The VAT paid by the platform on the seller's behalf.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^import_vat_amount |string |10 |The import VAT, a tax paid on goods bought in one country and imported into another.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. In Japan, it refers to the Japan Consumption Tax (JCT). |
^^^^customs_duty_amount |string |5 |The customs duties, a type of tax on cross-border goods collected by governments.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^customs_clearance_amount |string |4 |The fees charged by logistic suppliers for customs clearance services.
Applicable only for cross-border shop orders. |
^^^^sst_amount |string |3 |The sales and service tax (SST) collected and remitted to the tax authority by the platform for low-value goods imported into Malaysia, effective January 1, 2024. |
^^^^gst_amount |string |1 |The goods and services tax (GST) collected and remitted to the tax authority by the platform for low-value goods imported into Singapore, effective January 1, 2023. |
^^^^iva_amount |string |5 |The Mexican VAT that TikTok Shop is required to withhold on your taxable products and remit to the tax authority. |
^^^^isr_amount |string |5 |The Mexican federal income tax that TikTok Shop is required to withhold. |
^^^^anti_dumping_duty_amount |string |10 |The anti-dumping duties collected by governments for import goods. |
^^^^local_vat_amount |string |10 |The VAT paid by the platform on the seller's behalf. Applicable only for local shop orders. |
^^^^pit_amount |string |10 |The personal income tax (PIT) paid by the platform on the seller's behalf. |
^^^^sales_tax_referral_fee_amount |string |0 |Some U.S. states consider referral fees taxable. To comply with state tax laws, TikTok Inc. collects and remits applicable sales tax when a taxable fee is charged. |
^^^^smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount |string |0 |Sales tax for the Smart Promotion fee |
^^^^cedular_tax |string |0 |The Mexican Guanajuato cedular tax |
^^supplementary_component |object | |Supplementary costs for your reference. These amounts do not directly contribute to the settlement amount. |
^^^customer_payment_amount |string |0 |The total amount paid by the customer. |
^^^customer_refund_amount |string |0 |The exact amount refunded to the customer. |
^^^platform_discount_amount |string |10 |The discounts funded by the platform, such as coupons and campaign discounts. |
^^^platform_discount_refund_amount |string |1 |The platform discounts to be reversed (and deducted from the final settlement) if the order was refunded as a result of the seller's responsibility. |
^^^seller_cofunded_discount_amount |string |44 |The seller's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns. |
^^^seller_cofunded_discount_refund_amount |string |23 |The seller's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns that was refunded to the seller. |
^^^platform_cofunded_discount_amount |string |11 |The platform's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns. |
^^^platform_cofunded_discount_refund_amount |string |10 |The platform's portion of a co-funded voucher discount in co-funding campaigns that was refunded to the platform. |
^^^retail_delivery_fee_amount |string |-1 |The final retail delivery fee for deliveries in Colorado, US. For more information, see [Colorado Retail Delivery Fee FAQ](https://seller-us.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=2459780628350762&default_language=en&identity=1).
Formula: retail_delivery_fee_payment + retail_delivery_fee_refund |
^^^retail_delivery_fee_payment_amount |string |4 |The retail delivery fee for deliveries in Colorado, US. For more information, see [Colorado Retail Delivery Fee FAQ](https://seller-us.tiktok.com/university/essay?knowledge_id=2459780628350762&default_language=en&identity=1). |
^^^retail_delivery_fee_refund_amount |string |2 |The retail delivery fee subsidy by the platform for losses due to returns, refunds, or other issues in Colorado, US. |
^^^sales_tax_amount |string |10 |The final sales tax to be paid by the customer for the product and delivery.
Formula: sales_tax_payment_amount - sales_tax_refund_amount |
^^^sales_tax_payment_amount |string |0 |The expected sales tax to be paid by the customer for the product and delivery. |
^^^sales_tax_refund_amount |string |0 |The sales tax amount returned to the customer in the event of a refund. |
^^reserve_id |string |56789910 |The ID of a reserve transaction. |
^^reserve_amount |string |100 |The amount withheld from settlement based on TikTok Shop Reserve Policy. Refer to TikTok Shop Academy for more information.

* A positive amount indicates funds that have been released.
* A negative amount indicates funds being withheld from the settlement. |
   ^^associated_order_id |string |78217892102382101 |The order ID associated with the reserve transaction. |
   ^^reserve_status |string |Collected |The status of the reserve funds.
   Possible values:
* COLLECTED: A portion of the order's settlement amount has been withheld as reserve funds.
* RELEASED: The previously reserved funds have been released and paid out to the seller. |
   ^^estimated_release_time |string |1685548800 |The estimated date when the reserve funds will be released and paid out to the seller. Unix timestamp.
   Returns an empty value if the reserve funds have already been released. |

# Response Sample
```json
{"code":0,"data":{"next_page_token":"6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT","id":"7238804564097517339","create_time":1685548800,"status":"SETTLED","currency":"GBP","payable_amount":"150","total_reserve_amount":"20","total_settlement_amount":"130","total_settlement_breakdown":{"total_revenue_amount":"100","total_shipping_cost_amount":"120","total_fee_tax_amount":"20","total_adjustment_amount":"0"},"total_count":2,"transactions":[{"id":"1636700041413599290","type":"ORDER","order_id":"576463220456522968","order_create_time":1685548800,"adjustment_id":"7238804564097517332","adjustment_order_id":"576463220456522968","adjustment_amount":"170","settlement_amount":"130","revenue_amount":"200","revenue_breakdown":{"subtotal_before_discount_amount":"30","refund_subtotal_before_discount_amount":"-20","seller_discount_amount":"10","seller_discount_refund_amount":"12","cod_service_fee_amount":"10","refund_cod_service_fee_amount":"-10","distant_item_fee_amount":"0"},"shipping_cost_amount":"-70","shipping_cost_breakdown":{"actual_shipping_fee_amount":"0","shipping_fee_discount_amount":"0","customer_paid_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","return_shipping_fee_amount":"-10","replacement_shipping_fee_amount":"12","exchange_shipping_fee_amount":"0","signature_confirmation_fee_amount":"10","shipping_insurance_fee_amount":"-10","fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount":"5","return_shipping_label_fee_amount":"5","seller_self_shipping_service_fee_amount":"5","return_shipping_fee_paid_buyer_amount":"5","failed_delivery_subsidy_amount":"5","shipping_fee_guarantee_reimbursement":"0","fbt_free_shipping_fee_amount":"0","free_return_subsidy_amount":"0","distant_shipping_fee_amount":"0","supplementary_component":{"platform_shipping_fee_discount_amount":"-10","promo_shipping_incentive_amount":"-5","shipping_fee_subsidy_amount":"5","seller_shipping_fee_discount_amount":"4","customer_shipping_fee_offset_amount":"23","fbm_shipping_cost_amount":"20","fbt_shipping_cost_amount":"30","fbt_fulfillment_fee_amount":"-30","fbt_fulfillment_fee_reimbursement_amount":"5","return_refund_subsidy_amount":"5","refunded_customer_shipping_fee_amount":"5","customer_shipping_fee":"5","refund_customer_shipping_fee":"1"},"shipping_app_service_fee_amount":"0"},"fee_tax_amount":"-30","fee_tax_breakdown":{"fee":{"platform_commission_amount":"20","referral_fee_amount":"11","refund_administration_fee_amount":"10","transaction_fee_amount":"0","credit_card_handling_fee_amount":"0","affiliate_commission_amount":"5","affiliate_commission_amount_before_pit":"3","affiliate_partner_commission_amount":"12","affiliate_ads_commission_amount":"10","sfp_service_fee_amount":"5","live_specials_fee_amount":"4","bonus_cashback_service_fee_amount":"2","mall_service_fee_amount":"12","voucher_xtra_service_fee_amount":"10","flash_sales_service_fee_amount":"12","cofunded_promotion_service_fee_amount":"4","pre_order_service_fee_amount":"10","tsp_commission_amount":"10","dt_handling_fee_amount":"10","epr_pob_service_fee_amount":"10","seller_paylater_handling_fee_amount":"-10","fee_per_item_sold_amount":"0","cofunded_creator_bonus_amount":"-10","dynamic_commission_amount":"5","external_affiliate_marketing_fee_amount":"10","vn_fix_infrastructure_fee":"0","affiliate_commission_deposit":"0","affiliate_commission_release":"0","tap_shop_ads_commission":"0","shipping_fee_guarantee_service_fee":"0","installation_service_fee":"0","campaign_resource_fee":"0","platform_special_service_fee_amount":"0","smart_promotion_fee_amount":"0","gmv_max_ad_fee_amount":"0","platform_semi_managed_commission_fee":"0","platform_semi_managed_commission_fee_tax":"0"},"tax":{"vat_amount":"30","import_vat_amount":"10","customs_duty_amount":"5","customs_clearance_amount":"4","sst_amount":"3","gst_amount":"1","iva_amount":"5","isr_amount":"5","anti_dumping_duty_amount":"10","local_vat_amount":"10","pit_amount":"10","sales_tax_referral_fee_amount":"0","smart_promotion_fee_tax_amount":"0","cedular_tax":"0"}},"supplementary_component":{"customer_payment_amount":"0","customer_refund_amount":"0","platform_discount_amount":"10","platform_discount_refund_amount":"1","seller_cofunded_discount_amount":"44","seller_cofunded_discount_refund_amount":"23","platform_cofunded_discount_amount":"11","platform_cofunded_discount_refund_amount":"10","retail_delivery_fee_amount":"-1","retail_delivery_fee_payment_amount":"4","retail_delivery_fee_refund_amount":"2","sales_tax_amount":"10","sales_tax_payment_amount":"0","sales_tax_refund_amount":"0 "},"reserve_id":"56789910","reserve_amount":"100","associated_order_id":"78217892102382101","reserve_status":"Collected","estimated_release_time":"1685548800"}]},"message":"Success","request_id":"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"}
```

# Error Code
For common error codes, refer to [How to call TikTok Shop APIs - Common Error Code](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/64f199679495ef0281851ee5#Back%20To%20Top)
| Code | Message |
| --- | --- |
| 36009003 | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support. |