# Sandbox Terms of Service

*Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6678ef9d59505302c071ce68*

---

TikTok Shop Sandbox Terms of Service
Last Updated: 5 December 2022
These sandbox terms of services (these “Terms”) set out the terms and conditions that apply to partners (“You” or “Partner”) on TikTok Shop Partner Center for Your access to and use of sandbox features and services offered by TikTok through Sandbox Site (as defined below). The TikTok entity offering the Sandbox Services (as defined below) to You is the TikTok entity as set out in the [TikTok Shop Partner Center Terms of Service](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/doc/page/63fd7444715d622a338c508e) (“we” / “TikTok”) and these Terms are subject to, and apply in addition to, the [TikTok Shop Partner Center Terms of Service](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/doc/page/63fd7444715d622a338c508e) (and any other TikTok policies notified to You from time to time).
## Licence to use the Sandbox Services
Subject to these Terms, TikTok provides You the digital environment created to simulate the characteristics of the TikTok Shop Partner Center environment and create simulated responses transferred via the Sandbox API (as defined below) to test Your Applications (as defined below), which include without limitation:
a. the interfaces of the Sandbox tab on the TikTok Shop Partner Center (“Sandbox Site”), technology, software and other associated information and materials as well as any enhancements, upgrades, updates, new versions and other modifications and amendments thereto that made available by TikTok to You on the TikTok Shop Partner Center for simulation of the TikTok Shop Partner Center environment and services for the purposes of these Terms (the “Sandbox Environment”), such as (i) operating the testing shop, (ii) creating, updating, deactivating and deleting products, (iii) getting order list, (iv) arranging shipment for your order, (v) printing shipping labels for orders, etc.;
b. mock data and information made available to You through the Sandbox Environment or by any other means authorized by TikTok, and any copies and derivative works thereof under these Terms (the “Sandbox Data”) (collectively, the “Sandbox Services”)
The Sandbox Services are provided to You on an “as is” basis. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, unless otherwise provided under these Promotional Tool Terms, TikTok makes no warranties, representations, or conditions, whether express or implied, with respect to the Sandbox Services.
Subject to these Terms, TikTok hereby grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, revocable license during the Term (as defined below) solely to access and use the Sandbox Services according to these Terms and any documentation and specifications applicable to the Sandbox Services for the sole purpose of assisting You to test applications, including any software applications, websites, channels, and other digital products, that You create which use the Sandbox Environment to test simulated responses with TikTok Shop Partner Center (the “Application”). Service terms, regulations, instructions, standards and others (collectively, the “Service Rules”) relating to the content, level of service, technical specifications and operating documents of the specific services shall be subject to the Sandbox Site or other relevant pages.
Your use of the Sandbox Services is subject to and governed by the policies, guidelines and other terms and conditions (as updated from time to time) applicable to such use or access by You (the “Applicable Terms”), including without limitation the [TikTok Shop Partner Center Terms of Service](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/doc/page/63fd7444715d622a338c508e) and [TikTok Shop Partner Center Privacy Policy](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/doc/page/63fd7444715d622a338c5091). You and the Applications will not encourage or create facility that violates these Terms or the above Applicable Terms. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and any of the above Applicable Terms, the Applicable Terms shall prevail.
You acknowledge and understand that all Sandbox Data are only provided for simulation of the TikTok Shop Partner Center environment and services for the purposes of these Terms.
You agree that TikTok may monitor the use of the Sandbox Services to ensure the quality and verify whether You comply with Your obligations under these Terms. You agree that You will not interfere with such monitoring.
## Rules of Use

1. Authorization and Use of the Sandbox Services
2. The Sandbox provides no registration or sign-up functionalities. Rather, you will be authorized to use the accounts created by TikTok for you, including the Sandbox Seller Account and Sandbox TikTok Account, (collectively, the “Sandbox Accounts”) for accessing and using Sandbox Services by TikTok (the “Authorization”); and
3. TikTok reserves the right to suspend or terminate the Authorization with or without notice if TikTok is aware of any breach or violation of these Terms or applicable guidelines or policies notified by TikTok from time to time by You.
4. Use of the Sandbox Services and the Sandbox Accounts
5. You shall ensure that
6. You will comply with relevant laws, regulations and Service Rules and ensure that You have the operation qualification and capacity required by laws and regulations and shall not commit any acts prohibited by laws and administrative regulations or restricted in the Applicable Terms.
7. You will keep the Sandbox Accounts access details confidential and acknowledge that You are responsible for access to Sandbox Accounts which You authorize or which results from You not keeping Sandbox Accounts access details confidential and secure;
8. You may only authorize any person that are not minors (the definition is subject to the applicable laws) and have legal capacity to enter into a binding agreement and to act on behalf of You to use the Sandbox Accounts (“Authorized Users”). Any act or omission by any of the Authorized User(s) under Sandbox Accounts shall be deemed as act or omission of You, and any breach by the Authorized User shall be deemed as a breach by You. You are fully responsible and liable for the access or use of the Sandbox Account(s) by the Authorized User(s);
9. Authorized User(s) will abide by these Terms and the provisions hereunder;
10. You will notify TikTok immediately if You are aware of any breach or violation of these Terms by any of the Authorized User(s); and
11. You shall authorize, adjust the scope of Authorization, terminate the Authorization or otherwise manage the Authorization granted to the Authorized User(s) based on instructions from TikTok.
12. You shall ensure that You and/or the Authorized User(s) will not:

a. trade of (or otherwise deal with third party, with the intention to cancel the true beneficiary of Sandbox Accounts or in otherwise dishonest manners, in relation to) Sandbox Accounts authorized hereunder;
b. use the Sandbox Services or the Sandbox Environment to distribute viruses or any other technology that are intended or may reasonably be expected to harm the interests of TikTok or its affiliates;
c. use any bot, spider, scraper, data mining or extraction tools, or any other automated means of access to the Sandbox Services or the Sandbox Environment unless duly authorized by TikTok; and undertake any act which is intended or may reasonably be expected to interfere with the normal running of the Sandbox Services or the Sandbox Environment.

13. You shall be solely responsible for any Partner Content (as defined below) You upload into the Sandbox Environment via the Sandbox Accounts during Your use of the Sandbox Services.
14. You shall warrant that, any and all Partner Content (as defined below) (i) are collected, acquired or produced by and/or for You in accordance with the laws, (ii) do not contain any personal data, and (iii) do not violate any legal rights of any persons or entities in any way.
15. You acknowledge and agree that any data You copy, export, or retrieve by any other means via the API(s) made available by TikTok to You through which data created by You in the Sandbox Environment can be simulated to Your Applications (“Sandbox API”) are only for test purposes, and TikTok will not be responsible for the accuracy of such data.
16. For any data, text, graphics, photos, or other content stored by You in or uploaded to the Sandbox Environment or processed by You in the Sandbox Environment in any way and so on during your use the Sandbox Services (“Partner Content”), You hereby grant TikTok a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-free, and non-exclusive licence to use, host, store, archive, copy, modify, cache, encode, reproduce, distribute, transmit, synchronise, display, create derivative works from, and publicly perform such Partner Content. Before You submit Partner Content to the Sandbox Environment, You must have all the necessary rights (including but not limited to consents from end users or other third party licensors) to grant TikTok this licence. All Partner Content is subject to these Terms, Applicable Terms, and any other policies provided by TikTok applicable to Partner Content. TikTok does not acquire ownership in Partner Content.
17. TikTok is only responsible for operation and maintenance of the Sandbox Services itself. You shall ensure the security and stability of Your own network and devices. In case the following issues occur, You shall immediately resolve them and avoid impact to the Sandbox Services:

a. Problems with Your internal network, including but not limited to overloaded devices.
b. Malfunction of Your own equipment or the third-party equipment that You use.
c. You detach the equipment or cause network outages in other ways.
d. Any other failures, network outages, etc. caused by You.

18. In the event that TikTok finds, on its own or based on the information from the relevant authorities or the complaint from the right holder, any potential violation of relevant laws, regulations or the terms and conditions hereunder, TikTok shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to unilaterally take one or more of the following actions at any time by written notice to You:

a. Require You to immediately delete or modify the relevant Partner Content;
b. Restrict or suspend the provision of all or part of the Sandbox Services to You (including, without limitation, offline operation of part of Your service and recovery of related resources, restriction/freezing of the operation of Your Sandbox Accounts and other measures);
c. Terminate the provision of the Sandbox Services to You;
d. Terminate these Terms (including, without limitation, offline operation of all of Your service and recovery of related resources);
e. Other responsibilities that shall be prosecuted under laws.
Actions taken by TikTok in accordance with this Clause 2.5 shall not be deemed as breach of contract by TikTok. You shall be liable for any losses arising from such actions.
## Term & Termination

1. The “Term” of these Terms will commence on the earlier of Your acceptance of these Terms or Your first use of any of the Sandbox Services and shall continue until these Terms are terminated in accordance with these Terms or the [TikTok Shop Partner Center Terms of Service](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/doc/page/63fd7444715d622a338c508e) is terminated.
2. Upon termination of these Terms, all license and obligations of TikTok granted herein immediately expire, and You must immediately cease use of any and all Sandbox Services and permanently delete all Sandbox Data, TikTok confidential information, in all forms in Your possession and control (including from our servers).